Privacy Policy
Effective as of [May 20, 2024].


This “Privacy Policy” describes the privacy practices of Beijing Chuntian Zhiyun Technology Co., Ltd. and our subsidiaries and affiliates (collectively, “Doubao Team”, “we”, “us”, or “our”) in connection with the website team.doubao.com and any other application or service that we own or control and which posts or links to this Privacy Policy (collectively, the “Service”), and the rights and choices available to individuals with respect to their information.
Table of Contents

Personal Information We Collect
Cookies and Other Information Collected by Automated Means
How We Use Your Personal Information
How We Share your Personal Information
Your Choices
Other sites, mobile applications and services
Security practices
International data transfers
Children
Changes to this Privacy Policy
How to Contact Us
Personal Information We Collect
Information you provide to us. We do not generally collect personal information through this website. The only personal information we do collect is the information you provide to us through the Service, or use thereof, which may include:

Content you choose to upload to the Service, such as text, images, audio, and video, along with the metadata associated with the files you upload.
Feedback or correspondence, such as information you provide when you contact us with questions, feedback, or otherwise correspond with us online.
Usage information, such as information about how you use the Service and interact with us, including information associated with any content you upload to the websites or otherwise submit to us, and information you provide when you use any interactive features of the Service.
Other information that we may collect which is not specifically listed here, but which we will use in accordance with this Privacy Policy or policy as otherwise disclosed at the time of collection.
Cookies and Other Information Collected by Automated Means
We, our service providers, and our business partners may automatically log information about you, your computer or mobile device, and activity occurring on or through the Service, including but not limited to, your computer or mobile device operating system type and version number, manufacturer and model, device identifier (such as the Google Advertising ID or Apple ID for Advertising), browser type, screen resolution, IP address, the website you visited before browsing to our website, general location information such as city, state or geographic area; information about your use of and actions on the Service, such as pages or screens you viewed, how long you spent on a page or screen, navigation paths between pages or screens, information about your activity on a page or screen, access times, and length of access; and other personal information. Our service providers and business partners may collect this type of information over time and across third-party websites and mobile applications.
On our webpages, this information is collected using cookies, browser web storage (also known as locally stored objects, or “LSOs”), Flash-based LSOs (also known as “Flash cookies”), web beacons, and similar technologies, and our emails may also contain web beacons.
A “cookie” is a text file that websites send to a visitor‘s computer or other Internet-connected device to uniquely identify the visitor’s browser or to store information or settings in the browser. Browser web storage, or LSOs, are used for similar purposes as cookies. Browser web storage enables the storage of a larger amount of data than cookies. A “web beacon,” also known as a pixel tag or clear GIF, is typically used to demonstrate that a webpage was accessed or that certain content was viewed, typically to measure the success of our marketing campaigns or engagement with our emails and to compile statistics about usage of our websites.


Web browsers may offer users of our websites or mobile apps the ability to disable receiving certain types of cookies; however, if cookies are disabled, some features or functionality of our websites may not function correctly. Please see the “Targeted online advertising” section for information about how to exercise choice regarding the use of browsing behavior for purposes of targeted advertising.


How We Use Your Personal Information
We use your personal information for the following purposes and as otherwise described in this Privacy Policy or at the time of collection:
To operate the Service. We use your personal information to:

provide, operate and improve the Service
provide information about our products and services
communicate with you about the Service, including by sending you announcements, updates, security alerts, and support and administrative messages
understand your needs and interests, and personalize your experience with the Service and our communications
provide support and maintenance for the Service
to respond to your requests, questions and feedback
For research and development. We analyze use of the Service to analyze and improve the Service and to develop new products and services, including by studying user demographics and use of the Service.
To comply with the law. We use your personal information as we believe necessary or appropriate to comply with applicable laws, lawful requests, and legal process, such as to respond to subpoenas or requests from government authorities.
For compliance, fraud prevention, and safety. We may use your personal information and disclose it to law enforcement, government authorities, and private parties as we believe necessary or appropriate to: (a) protect our, your or others’ rights, privacy, safety or property (including by making and defending legal claims); (b) enforce the terms and conditions that govern the Service; and (c) protect, investigate and deter against fraudulent, harmful, unauthorized, unethical or illegal activity.
With your consent. In some cases we may specifically ask for your consent to collect, use or share your personal information, such as when required by law.
To create anonymous, aggregated or de-identified data. We may create anonymous, aggregated or de-identified data from your personal information and other individuals whose personal information we collect. We make personal information into anonymous, aggregated or de-identified data by removing information that makes the data personally identifiable to you. We may use this anonymous, aggregated or de-identified data and share it with third parties for our lawful business purposes, including to analyze and improve the Service.
How We Share your Personal Information
We do not share your personal information with third parties without your consent, except in the following circumstances or as described in this Privacy Policy:
Affiliates. We may share your personal information with our corporate parent, subsidiaries, and affiliates, for purposes consistent with this Privacy Policy.
Service providers. We may share your personal information with third party companies and individuals that provide services on our behalf or help us operate the Service (such as customer support, hosting, analytics, email delivery, marketing, and database management services). These third parties may use your personal information only as directed or authorized by us and in a manner consistent with this Privacy Policy, and are prohibited from using or disclosing your information for any other purpose.
Professional advisors. We may disclose your personal information to professional advisors, such as lawyers, bankers, auditors and insurers, where necessary in the course of the professional services that they render to us.
For compliance, fraud prevention and safety. We may share your personal information for the compliance, fraud prevention and safety purposes described above.
Business transfers. We may sell, transfer or otherwise share some or all of our business or assets, including your personal information, in connection with a business transaction (or potential business transaction) such as a corporate divestiture, merger, consolidation, acquisition, reorganization or sale of assets, or in the event of bankruptcy or dissolution.
Your Choices
In this section, we describe the rights and choices available to all users.
Cookies & Browser Web Storage. We may allow service providers and other third parties to use cookies and similar technologies to track your browsing activity over time and across the Service and third party websites. Most browsers let you remove or reject cookies. To do this, follow the instructions in your browser settings. Many browsers accept cookies by default until you change your settings. Please note that if you set your browser to disable cookies, the sites may not work properly. Similarly, your browser settings may allow you to clear your browser web storage.
Targeted online advertising. Some of the business partners that collect information about users’ activities on or through the Service may be members of organizations or programs that provide choices to individuals regarding the use of their browsing behavior or mobile application usage for purposes of targeted advertising.
Users may opt out of receiving targeted advertising on websites through members of the Network Advertising Initiative by clicking here or the Digital Advertising Alliance by clicking here. Please note that we also may work with companies that offer their own opt-out mechanisms and may not participate in the opt-out mechanisms that we linked above.
If you choose to opt-out of targeted advertisements, you will still see advertisements online but they may not be relevant to you. Even if you do choose to opt out, not all companies that serve online behavioral advertising are included in this list, so you may still receive some cookies and tailored advertisements from companies that are not listed.
Do Not Track. Some Internet browsers may be configured to send “Do Not Track” signals to the online services that you visit. We currently do not respond to “Do Not Track” or similar signals. To find out more about “Do Not Track,” please visit http://www.allaboutdnt.com.
Choosing not to share your personal information. Where we are required by law to collect your personal information, or where we need your personal information in order to provide the Service to you, if you do not provide this information when requested (or you later ask to delete it), we may not be able to provide you with our services. We will tell you what information you must provide to receive the Service by designating it as required at the time of collection or through other appropriate means.


Other sites, mobile applications and services
The Service may contain links to other websites and other online services operated by third parties. These links are not an endorsement of, or representation that we are affiliated with, any third party. In addition, our content may be included on web pages or online services that are not associated with us. We do not control third party websites, mobile applications or online services, and we are not responsible for their actions. Other websites, mobile applications and services follow different rules regarding the collection, use and sharing of your personal information. We encourage you to read the privacy policies of the other websites, mobile applications and online services you use.
Security practices
The security of your personal information is important to us. We employ a number of organizational, technical and physical safeguards designed to protect the personal information we collect. However, security risk is inherent in all internet and information technologies, and we cannot guarantee the security of your personal information.
International data transfers
Your personal information may be transferred to locations outside of your state, province, or country where privacy laws may not be as protective as those in your state, province, or country.
Children
As a general rule, children are not allowed to use the Service, and we do not collect personal information from them. We define "children" as anyone under 13 years old. If we learn that we have collected personal information of a child without the consent of the child’s parent or guardian, we will delete it. We encourage parents with concerns to contact us.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to modify this Privacy Policy at any time. If we make material changes to this Privacy Policy, we will notify you by updating the date of this Privacy Policy and posting it on the Service. We may, and if required by law will, also provide notification of changes in another way that we believe is reasonably likely to reach you, such as via e-mail (if you have an account where we have your contact information) or another manner through the Service.
Any modifications to this Privacy Policy will be effective upon our posting the new terms and/or upon implementation of the new changes on the Service (or as otherwise indicated at the time of posting). In all cases, your continued use of the Service after the posting of any modified Privacy Policy indicates your acceptance of the terms of the modified Privacy Policy.
How to Contact Us
Please direct any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy or privacy practices to doubao-llm@bytedance.com. You may also write to us via postal mail at:
Doubao Team
Attn: Beijing Chuntian Zhiyun Technology Co., Ltd.
No. 31 Fuchengmenwai Avenue, 4th Floor 408D
Xicheng District
Beijing, China