This article is about our commercial products (e.g. Claude for Work, Anthropic API). For our consumer products (e.g. Claude Free, Pro, Max (and when using Claude Code with those accounts), see here .
By default, we will not use your inputs or outputs from our commercial products (e.g. Claude for Work, Anthropic API, Claude Gov, etc.) to train our models.
If you explicitly report feedback or bugs to us (e.g. via our thumbs up/down feedback button), or otherwise choose to allow us to use your data, then we may use your chats and coding sessions to train our models.
To find out more information regarding your use of an Anthropic commercial offering, or if you would like to know how to contact us regarding a privacy related topic, see our Trust Center and Commercial Terms .
Feedback
When you provide us feedback via our thumbs up / down button, we will store the entire related conversation, including any content, custom styles, conversation preferences, or model settings, in our secured back-end for up to 5 years. Feedback data does not include raw content from connectors (e.g. Google Drive), including remote and local MCP servers, though data may be included if it’s directly copied into your conversation with Claude.
We de-link your feedback from your user and customer IDs before it’s used by Anthropic. We may use your feedback to analyze the effectiveness of our services, conduct research, study user behavior, and train our AI models as permitted under applicable laws. We do not combine your feedback with your other conversations with Claude.
Here’s an example of what you’ll see when using the thumbs up/thumbs down button to provide a feedback report from claude.ai:
Disabling Feedback
As a Primary Owner or Owner of a Claude for Enterprise plan, you can disable the ability for members of your organization to submit feedback to Anthropic via the thumbs up / down button using the Thumbs Feedback setting, under Settings -> Data Management:
To disable feedback in the Workbench, navigate to Settings -> Privacy (only available to Org Admins):