xAI Consumer FAQs
February 14, 2025
This page is designed to address questions from individual users of Grok who use the Grok mobile app (iOSorAndroid(coming soon)) or theGrok.comwebsite.
If you are an xAI business or enterprise customer, please refer to ourEnterprise FAQ.
If you use Grok on the X platform, please see theX help center.
Who is xAI?
X.AI LLC ("xAI") is a US-based company working on building artificial intelligence tools to accelerate human scientific discovery. We are guided by our mission to advance our collective understanding of the universe. xAI is a separate company from X Corp. ("X", previously Twitter).
What is Grok?
Grok is a conversational generative AI powered by xAI's state-of-the-art Large Language Models. Grok performs a variety of tasks, including natural language processing, question answering, information retrieval, creative writing, image generation, image editing, image description, and coding assistance.
You can make Grok your unique and entertaining companion. Grok is designed to answer almost any question with a touch of wit and humor, while providing helpful and insightful responses. You control how Grok responds to you by your choice of words and your attitude.  For instance, you could instruct Grok to interact in a “fun” manner, so that Grok responds with jokes and humor like your funny uncle who juggles at the dinner table.  As another example, you could instruct Grok to be “unhinged” which may result in Grok responding like an amateur stand-up comic who is still learning the craft – sometimes being objectionable, inappropriate, and offensive.   You direct the interaction with Grok.  We hope you enjoy using Grok to stay informed and entertained.
Where can I use Grok?
Grok is available as a standalone conversational AI chatbot on your mobile phone (iOS) and (Android(coming soon)), and on your browser (grok.com).  Depending on your location, limited free access and paid subscription plans with full features of Grok unlocked are available.
Grok is also available through the X platform. If you use Grok on X, please see theX help centerfor your questions. Your access on X is subject to theX Terms of ServiceandX Privacy Policy.
We also offer Grok services to business and enterprise customers, such as our Enterprise API. You can learn more about these serviceshere.
Can children or minors use Grok?
Grok is not directed to children or minors under the age of 13.  You must confirm that you are at least 13 years old to use Grok. If you are a teenager between the ages of 13 and 17 years old, you must have your parent or legal guardian’s permission to use Grok, and they must agree to our Terms of Service.  While we have taken measures to limit undesirable training data and outputs, Grok could produce output that is not appropriate for all ages.  Depending on how you choose to interact with Grok, Grok may respond with some suggestive dialogue, coarse language, crude humor, sexual situations, or violence.  We urge parents to exercise care in monitoring the use of Grok by their teenagers.
How does Grok work?
Grok works by using advanced algorithms to understand and respond to your prompts. When you submit a prompt or search query, Grok interprets your words and other inputs based on natural language processing and patterns from its training data.
Grok has a unique feature that allows it to search public X posts and perform real-time web searches, allowing it to respond with up-to-date information and insights on a wide range of topics. You can also ask Grok to respond in the conversational style of your choosing. Plus, you can help improve Grok by rating its responses and submitting the reason why you believe a Grok response needs addressing.
Can I see my history of conversations with Grok?
Yes, you can view your past conversations with Grok on your app. On iOS, tap on your profile picture at the top left corner of your screen, and you will be brought to the conversation history page.  On Grok.com, go to the top right corner and click on the list icon:
History icon
You can also choose not to have your conversations saved by using “Temporary Chat.”  For Temporary Chat, your conversation history will not be viewable to you and will be deleted from xAI systems within 30 days.
Who owns the inputs to and outputs from Grok?
You own the Inputs and Outputs. You are free to use Grok’s Outputs (including generated images) from your conversations as you wish, including for commercial use. You own Grok’s Outputs and you grant xAI certain use rights pursuant to xAI’sConsumer Terms.  We do ask that you attribute the generated work to Grok as provided in xAI’s Brand Guidelines available onxAI’s legal website.
How has Grok been pre-trained?
Grok has primarily been pre-trained on a large corpus of publicly available information, including raw web page data, metadata extracts, and text extracts from the Internet. This data helps Grok learn about associations between words and updates its model weights to support natural language processing. In other words, the training data helps Grok learn about language and how to understand queries and respond to them in ways that humans can comprehend. Importantly, this training refines the model's internal language structures. Once the training is done, the model does not reference or access the pre-training data.
Before using the training data, we apply quality filters and remove information that we do not want our models to learn from, such as violent content. We also apply security testing and evaluation measures. While Grok's training data may incidentally include personal information that is publicly available (for example, information about politicians, celebrities or other public figures), xAI takes steps to minimize the processing of personal and sensitive data for training purposes. For clarity, we do not actively seek out personal information to train our models or use personal information to build individual profiles.
Does Grok make mistakes?
On occasion, Grok may provide inaccurate or inappropriate information. Because Grok has been trained on publicly available information, which may sometimes include misleading or factually inaccurate information, Grok may at times include in its responses misleading or factually incorrect information based upon that public information. Grok may also reflect positive or negative views of politicians, celebrities, and other public figures.  Also, because artificial intelligence is rapidly evolving and is probabilistic in nature, Grok may therefore sometimes generate responses that contain “hallucinations,” or that otherwise may not be suitable for your intended purpose.  You should carefully consider and verify Grok's responses before using them.
We constantly work to improve Grok.  If you have feedback regarding a Grok response, we encourage you to send it to us.
Do humans view my conversations?
xAI may use automated content classifiers and safety tools to better understand how our services are used and to ensure our Terms of Service andAcceptable Use Policyare not being violated.
A limited number of our authorized personnel may review your conversations with Grok for specific business purposes, including improving model performance, investigating security incidents and potential misuse of our services, and complying with our legal obligations. For more information, see ourConsumer TermsandPrivacy Policy.
How can I use Grok responsibly?
We believe that everyone (aged 13 and above) should be free to use our services in a way that suits their needs, so long as they comply with the law, don't harm themselves or others, and respect our guardrails. When using Grok, you must comply with ourAcceptable Use Policyand the applicable Terms of Service forConsumersorEnterprise.
How does xAI handle my personal information?
For more information about xAI's practices with respect to personal information, please see ourPrivacy Policy.
Does xAI use my content for model training?
We may use your content and interactions with Grok (e.g., prompts, searches, and other materials you submit) along with Grok's responses to train our models. Specifically, this information helps our models better understand human language and communication and therefore ultimately provide more accurate, relevant, and engaging responses. It also helps boost the capabilities and safety of our models.  You control whether your data is used for training Grok. The section below, “How do I select whether my content is used for model training,” explains how to control it.
To protect your privacy, please do not share any personal or sensitive information in your questions to Grok.
When using Temporary Chat, where available, your content and interactions are not used for model training. Similarly, we do not use content from our business and enterprise customers to improve our models.  For more details, please refer to ourEnterprise FAQ.
How do I select whether my content is used for model training?
You can select whether or not your data is used for training in your Grok mobile app and the Grok.com website.
On the mobile app, to select or deselect using your content for model training, go to Settings, Data Controls, and select or deselect “Improve the model.”
Mobile app data controls
For the Grok.com website, you can go to Settings, Data, and then “Improve the Model” to select whether your content is used for model training.
Web app data controls
Once you select that your data should not be used for training, your new conversations will not be used to train our models. Alternatively, you can use Temporary Chat, and your content and interactions will not be included in model training.
Please note that, even if you opt out of model training, when you subsequently decide to voluntarily provide feedback that feedback may be used for training purposes.
If you do not log into your account to access Grok (i.e., you are unauthenticated), where permissible, we may collect and retain your content on an anonymous basis. As a result, in some regions (excluding the EU/UK), when you use Grok without logging in you won’t have the option to opt out of model training.
If you are accessing Grok in X, to opt-out of training for Grok, please see theX Help Centerfor instructions.
Can my Grok experience be personalized?
Yes, your Grok experience can be personalized if you allow your X data and interactions to be used for personalization.
You can elect to allow your X data to be used for personalization on the Grok mobile app by going to Settings, Data Controls, and then toggle on or off “Personalize Grok using X”.
Mobile app data controls
For the Grok.com website, you can go to Settings, Data, and then “Personalize Grok using X” to select whether you would like X data to be used for personalization on the Grok.com website.
Web app data controls
If you are accessing Grok in X, please see theX help pageson how to manage personalization settings.
How to delete my data or account?
At any time, you can choose to delete selected conversations or all of your conversation history.
Also, you can delete your account at any time.
On your Grok mobile app, if you would like to delete a specific conversation, tap your profile picture to go to your conversation history, tap and hold down the name of the conversation you wish to delete, and then select “Delete Conversation.”  On your Grok mobile app, to delete your Grok conversation history, go to Settings, Data Controls, and select “Delete All Conversations.”
If you would like to delete your account, select “Delete Account.”
Mobile app data controls
On the grok.com website, if you want to delete a specific conversation, go to the conversation history page and select the trash button next to it.  To delete all of your conversations or to delete your account, go to Settings and select the button next to what you would like to delete.
Web app data controls
If you are using Grok in X, to delete data or delete your X account, please see theX Help Centerfor instructions.
After you indicate that you want your data deleted, it will take up to 30 days to delete from xAI systems.
Does xAI sell my data?
No. We do not sell your data or share it with third parties for marketing or advertising purposes.
How long does xAI retain my personal information?
You are in control of how long your data is on xAI’s systems.  You can delete your information when you wish.  xAI retains your information for as long as reasonably necessary for the purposes described in ourPrivacy Policy. If you delete conversations from your account or if you use Temporary Chat, conversations will be removed from our systems within 30 days, unless they have been de-identified and disassociated from your account or we have to retain them for safety, security or legal reasons.
How do I submit a data subject rights request?
Please go to your Grok mobile app or Grok.com to delete or download your data.  If that does not satisfy your request and you wish to make a request about data you believe we hold about you, then please contact us atprivacy@x.ai. We will consider all requests that we receive and respond in accordance with applicable data protection laws. Please be aware that, in accordance with applicable laws, some rights are not absolute and we may decline your request if we have a lawful basis for doing so. If you feel we have not adequately addressed your request, you have the right to lodge a complaint with your local data protection authority.
For more information regarding your data protection and privacy rights, please see ourPrivacy Policy.
How do I contact xAI?
If you have any questions or need assistance, regarding the use of Grok, please don't hesitate to contact us atprivacy@x.ai.