La Plateforme
La Plateforme is our platform available at http://console.mistral.ai , that allows you to use and fine-tune our models through our APIs (the “ APIs ”), build and deploy agents using our models, and access a range of other complimentary services (“ La Plateforme ”).
Your use of La Plateforme is subject to our Terms of Service and these Additional Terms for La Plateforme.
Permitted Use. You, and any of your authorized users, may only use our APIs (i) for your own personal or internal business needs and (ii) to incorporate them in Your Offerings, in accordance with the Terms of Mistral AI Product, these Additional Terms and the applicable documentation.
API Key. We will provide you with a confidential API key (the “ API Key ”) to enable you to access our APIs. You must use your API Key in accordance with our documentation. You may not share your API Key with any third party without our prior written permission. Upon termination of your account, you must immediately delete your API Key.
Usage limitations. We may limit the number of API calls you can make within a specific period. Any such limits may be based on factors including the expected usage volume for Your Offerings. Moreover, your use of our APIs is subject to the rate limits specified on La Plateforme. If you reach these limits, your access to the Mistral AI Products will be temporarily suspended until the limits reset or you upgrade your subscription.
Zero data retention. Customers with legitimate reasons can request zero data retention. With this option, your Input and Output are processed only as long as necessary to generate the Output and are not retained further, except as required by law. To activate zero data retention, you must submit your request via our Help Center (available on your account) or support@mistral.ai. As part of this request, you must provide sufficient detail of your legitimate reasons for requesting zero data retention. We will review your request and, at our discretion, approve or deny the request.
The Fine-Tuning API. Our fine-tuning API allows you to fine-tune our models on La Plateforme using Your Data (the “ Fine-Tuning API ”). Upon completion of a fine-tuning job, you can use the fine-tuned model (the “ Fine-Tuned Model ”) on La Plateforme. For the avoidance of doubt, the Fine-Tuned Model does not constitute an Output. You are solely responsible for the fine-tuning process and the Input you used to fine-tune our models. We are not responsible for the performance of the Fine-Tuned Model or its Outputs. Your rights to access or use the Fine-Tuned Model will cease upon termination of your account. You can delete the Fine-Tuned Model from La Plateforme at any time. We will not use the Fine-Tuned Model except to provide it to you under these Terms. We will not disclose or distribute the Fine-Tuned Model to third parties without your consent.
Agent creation and management. You can create an agent either through our Fine-Tuning API or through the agent builder feature on La Plateforme by following the instructions given on La Plateforme. Your rights to access or use your agent will cease after the termination of your account. You can share your agent with your authorized users in your workspace via our API or Le Chat, subject to your subscription plan. Any use of your agent on Le Chat is governed by the Additional Terms for Le Chat. By default, agents are shared with all of the authorized users in your workspace. You must set specific permissions to restrict access to your agents to specific authorized users. We will not use your agent except to provide it to you under these Terms. We will not disclose or distribute your agent to third parties without your consent. You are responsible for the creation and performance of your agent. Specifically, you must ensure that the name of your agent complies with applicable laws and the rights of third parties. You can delete your agent from La Plateforme at any time.