COHERE PRIVACY POLICY
Last Update: April 2021
Cohere Inc. (“Cohere”) values and respects your privacy. We have prepared this privacy policy to explain the manner in which we collect, use and disclose personal information through our Website located at cohere.ai (“Website”) and through our AI-powered services, including our language model platform (“Services”).
COLLECTION AND USE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
COLLECTION AND USE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
Information collected through the Cohere Services:
Information collected through the Cohere Services:
We collect the following types of information in order to provide the Services to our customers use of the Services:
We collect the text that is input into our services (including the text generation, semantic comparison and text to vector conversion tools), and use this information to facilitate your use of the tool, including to generate realistic sentence suggestions, match inputted text to semantic equivalents, and generate vector representations of input text for use in downstream computing.
We also collect information generated as a result of your use of the tool, such as generated text, lists of semantic matches, and numeric vector representations in order to facilitate your use of the services.
We may also use the information we collectto train and improve our models.
We rely on our customers to comply with applicable privacy laws when collecting, using, or disclosing personal information through the Services, including by obtaining appropriate consent to collect, use, and disclose personal information through the tools. If you have any questions regarding the personal information we process on behalf of one of our customers, we encourage you to first contact the customer directly and/or review their applicable privacy policy. If you signed-up to receive marketing communications from one of our customers and now wish to unsubscribe, please contact the customer directly.
Information collected through our Website or other interactions with you:
Information collected through our Website or other interactions with you:
We may collect information about you when you:
Create an account
Book a demo
Sign-up to receive marketing emails such as newsletters and blog posts.
Participate in our surveys
Apply for a job
Contact us with a comment, question or complaint
Visit our Website
Requesting Access to the Services:Before accessing orusing the Services, you may be asked to complete the Cohere API Application. As part of this Application, we will collect your business contact information, information about your organization (including the type of organization and the jurisdiction in which it is located), and information about your intended use of the Services (including a description of your use case, your previous experiences using similar services, and estimates of the frequency with which you will use the Services).  We use this information to understand the purposes for which you are seeking to use the Services, to assess whether the Services are right for your organization and the intended purposes, and to customize your user experience.
Requesting Access to the Services:
.
Creating an Account:If your Application is approved, you will be required to create an account in order to access and use the Services. To create your account, we collect your first and last name, email address and a password that you create. We use this information to create and administer your account and facilitate your access to and use of the Services. We strongly recommend that you do not disclose your password to anyone. We will never ask you for your password in any unsolicited communication (such as letters, phone calls or email messages). If you become aware of any unauthorized access to or use of your account, you are required to notify us immediately.
Creating an Account:
Marketing Communications:We may send you communications (including by mail and email) regarding our platform and other products and services that we believe are of interest to you. You can unsubscribe at any time by clicking the “unsubscribe” link included at the bottom of each email or by contacting us at the contact information provided in the “Contact Us” section below. Please note that you may continue to receive transactional or account-related communications from us after you unsubscribe.
Marketing Communications:
Surveys:From time to time, we may offer you the opportunity to participate in one of our surveys. The information obtained through our surveys is used in an aggregated, de-identified form. We use this information to help us understand our users and to enhance our Website.
Surveys:
Employment:If you apply for a job with us, we may collect certain personal information about you (such as information that would be contained in a resume, cover letter, or other employment-related materials). We use this information for the purpose of processing, evaluating and responding to your application.
Employment:
Contact Us: When you contact us with a comment, question or complaint, you may be asked for information that identifies you, such as your name, address and a telephone number, along with additional information we need to help us promptly answer your question or respond to your comment. We may retain this information to assist you in the future and to improve our customer service and service offerings.
Contact Us
SHARING OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
SHARING OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
We do not sell or disclose your personal information to third parties without your consent, except as set forth below or as required or permitted by law.
Service Providers:Your personal information will be transferred (or otherwise made available) to certain third parties that provide services on our behalf. We use service providers to provide services such as cloud computing, data storage, publishing, and analytics.Our service providers are only provided with the information they need to perform their designated functions and are not authorized to use or disclose personal information for their own marketing or other purposes. Our service providers may be located in the U.S., Canada or other foreign jurisdictions.
Service Providers:
.
Legal and Compliance:We and our Canadian, US and other foreign service providers may provide your personal information in response to a search warrant to other legally valid inquiry or order, or to another organization for the purposes of investigating a breach of an agreement or contravention of law or detecting, suppressing or preventing fraud, or as otherwise may be required or permitted by applicable Canadian, U.S. or other law or legal process, which may include lawful access by US or foreign courts, law enforcement or other government authorities. Your personal information may also be disclosed where necessary for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims and to investigate or prevent actual or suspected loss or harm to persons or property.
Legal and Compliance:
Sale of Business: We may transfer any information we have about you as an asset in connection with a proposed or completed merger, acquisition or sale (including transfers made as part of insolvency or bankruptcy proceedings) involving all or part of Cohere.ai or as part of a corporate reorganization or other change in corporate control.
Sale of Business
INFORMATION ABOUT OUR WEBSITE
INFORMATION ABOUT OUR WEBSITE
Visiting our Website:In general, you can visit our Website without telling us who you are or submitting any personal information. However, we collect the IP (Internet protocol) addresses of all visitors to our Website and other related information such as page requests, browser type, operating system and average time spent on our Website. We use this information to help us understand our Website activity and to monitor and improve our Website.
Visiting our Website:
Cookies:Our Website uses a technology called "cookies". A cookie is a tiny element of data that our Website sends to a user’s browser, which may then be stored on the user’s hard drive so that we can recognize the user’s computer or device when they return. You may set your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie or to not accept certain cookies. However, if you decide not to accept cookies from our Website, you may not be able to take advantage of all of the Website features.
Cookies:
Analytics:We may use a third party such as Google Analytics to help us gather and analyze information about the areas visited on the Website (such as the pages most read, time spent, search terms and other engagement data) in order to evaluate and improve the user experience and the Website. These third parties may use cookies and other tracking technologies. For more information about Google Analytics or to prevent the storage and processing of this data (including your IP address) by Google, you can download and install the browser plug-in available at the following link: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en . You can also obtain additional information on Google Analytics’ data privacy and security at the following links:
Analytics:
https://policies.google.com/technologies/partner-sitesandhttps://support.google.com/analytics/topic/2919631
Third Party Links: Our Website may contain links to other websites that Cohere does not own or operate. We provide links to third party websites as a convenience to the user. These links are not intended as an endorsement of or referral to the linked websites. The linked websites have separate and independent privacy policies, notices and terms of use. We do not have any control over such websites, and therefore we have no responsibility or liability for the manner in which the organizations that operate such linked websites may collect, use or disclose, secure and otherwise treat personal information. We encourage you to read the privacy policy of every website you visit.
Third Party Links
SAFEGUARDS AND RETENTION
SAFEGUARDS AND RETENTION
We have implemented reasonable administrative, technical and physical measures in an effort to safeguard the personal information in our custody and control against theft, loss and unauthorized access, use, modification and disclosure. We restrict access to personal information on a need-to-know basis to employees and authorized service providers who require access to fulfil their job requirements.
We have record retention processes designed to retain personal information for no longer than necessary for the purposes set out herein or as otherwise required to meet legal or business requirements.
ACCESS TO INFORMATION
ACCESS TO INFORMATION
If we receive a request from an individual to access or update personal information we maintain on behalf of a customer, we will direct that individual to the relevant customer. We will assist our customers wherever possible in responding to individual access requests.
Subject to applicable law, you have the right to access, update and correct inaccuracies in your personal information in our control. You may request access, updating and corrections of inaccuracies in your personal information in our custody or control by emailing or writing to us at the contact information set out below. We may request certain personal information for the purpose of verifying the identity of the individual seeking access to his or her personal information records.
UPDATES TO THE PRIVACY POLICY
UPDATES TO THE PRIVACY POLICY
We may update this privacy policy periodically to reflect changes to our privacy practices. We encourage you to periodically review this page to ensure you are familiar with those changes. We will indicate at the top of this privacy policy when it was most recently updated.
CONTACT US
CONTACT US
If you have any questions or comments about this privacy policy or the manner in which we or our service providers treat your personal information, or to request access to our collection of your personal information, please contact us at:
Privacy Officer
privacy@cohere.ai