Introducing Command R+: Our new, most powerful model in the Command R family.
Cohere Privacy Policy
Last Update: May 7, 2024
Cohere Inc. (“Cohere”) values and respects your privacy. We have prepared this privacy policy to explain the manner in which we collect, use, and disclose personal information through our website located at Cohere.com (“Website”) and through our AI-powered services, including our language model platform APIs (“Services”). The term “you” or “users” is used to refer to individuals browsing, installing, downloading, accessing or otherwise using our Website or our Services. The term “customer” is used to describe legal entities that use our Services. For information on how we collect, use, retain or store non-personal customer data, please review ourData Usage Policy.
COLLECTION AND USE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
Information collected through the Cohere Services:
Generally speaking, we recommend that our users and customers not upload any personal information when using our Services.
If customers choose to upload personal information about their own end users, our customers are responsible for complying with applicable privacy laws when collecting, using, or disclosing personal information through the Services, including by providing and obtaining all necessary notices and consents. Information we collect or generate is treated and retained in accordance with our contractual commitments to our customers.
If customers purchase or use our Services through a third party’s managed machine learning platform or service (for example, via AWS, GCP, or Azure),Cohere will not have access to and does not store or process any personal information that customers may provide regarding their own end users. Cohere will only be provided with the business contact information associated with the customer’s account in order to communicate with the customer and provide support services.
If you have any questions regarding the personal information we process on behalf of one of our customers, we encourage you to first contact the customer directly and/or review their applicable privacy policy.
Information collected through our Website or other interactions with you:
We may collect information about you when you:
Create an account
Book a demo
Sign up to receive marketing emails, such as newsletters and blog posts
Attend an event hosted by us
Participate in our surveys
Apply for a job and participate in our recruitment activities
Contact us with a comment, question, or complaint
Visit our Website or interact with us on social media (e.g., via LinkedIn, X, etc.)
Requesting Access to the Services:Before accessing orusing the Services, you may be asked to complete the Cohere API application. As part of this application, we will collect your business contact information, information about your organization (including the type of organization and the jurisdiction in which it is located), and information about your organization’s intended use of the Services (including a description of the customer use case, your previous experiences using similar services, and estimates of the frequency with which you will use the Services). We use this information to understand the purposes for which you are seeking to use the Services, to assess whether the Services are right for your organization and the intended purposes, and to customize your user experience.
Requesting Access to the Services:
.
Creating an Account:If your application is approved or if you wish to try out our Services in the Playground, you will be required to create an account in order to access and use the Services. To create your account, we collect your first and last name, email address, and a password that you create. We use this information to create and administer your account and facilitate your access to and use of the Services. We strongly recommend that you do not disclose your password to anyone. We will never ask you for your password in any unsolicited communication (such as letters, phone calls, or email messages). If you become aware of any unauthorized access to or use of your account, you are required to notify us immediately.
Creating an Account:
Marketing Communications:We may send you communications (including by mail and email) regarding our platform and other products and services that we believe are of interest to you. You can unsubscribe at any time by clicking the “unsubscribe” link included at the bottom of each email or by contacting us at the contact information provided in the “Contact Us” section below. Please note that you may continue to receive transactional or account-related communications from us after you unsubscribe.
Marketing Communications:
Surveys:From time to time, we may offer you the opportunity to participate in one of our surveys. The information obtained through our surveys is used in an aggregated, de-identified form. We use this information to help us understand our users and to enhance our Website.
Surveys:
Employment:If you apply for a job with us, we may collect certain personal information about you (such as information that would be contained in a resume, cover letter, or other employment-related materials). We use this information for the purpose of processing, evaluating, and responding to your application. We may also collect information from third parties about you, such as references you list, for the same purpose.
Employment:
Contact Us: When you contact us with a comment, question, or complaint, you may be asked for information that identifies you, such as your name, address, and a telephone number, along with additional information that we need to help us promptly answer your question or respond to your comment. We may retain this information to assist you in the future and to improve our customer service and service offerings.
Contact Us
SHARING OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
We do not rent, sell, or disclose your personal information to third parties without your consent, except as set forth below or as required or permitted by law.
Affiliates and Business Partners: Your personal information may be transferred (or otherwise made available) to our affiliates and business partners to meet our legal and compliance requirements and operational needs.
Affiliates and Business Partners
Service Providers:Your personal information will be transferred (or otherwise made available) to certain third parties that provide services on our behalf. We use service providers to provide services, such as cloud computing, data storage, publishing, and analytics.Our service providers are only provided with the information they need to perform their designated functions and are not authorized to use or disclose personal information for their own marketing or other purposes. Our service providers may be located in the U.S., Canada, or other foreign jurisdictions.
Service Providers:
.
Legal and Compliance:We and our Canadian, U.S., and other foreign service providers may provide your personal information in response to a search warrant to other legally valid inquiry or order, or to another organization for the purposes of investigating a breach of an agreement or contravention of law or detecting, suppressing, or preventing fraud, or as otherwise may be required or permitted by applicable Canadian, U.S., or other law or legal process, which may include lawful access by U.S. or foreign courts, law enforcement, or other government authorities. Your personal information may also be disclosed where necessary for the establishment, exercise, or defence of legal claims, and to investigate or prevent actual or suspected loss or harm to persons or property.
Legal and Compliance:
Sale of Business: We may transfer any information we have about you as an asset in connection with a proposed or completed merger, acquisition, or sale (including transfers made as part of insolvency or bankruptcy proceedings) involving all or part of Cohere.com or as part of a corporate reorganization or other change in corporate control.
Sale of Business
INFORMATION ABOUT OUR WEBSITE
Visiting Our Website:In general, you can visit our Website without telling us who you are or submitting any personal information. However, we collect the IP (Internet protocol) addresses of all visitors to our Website and other related information, such as page requests, browser type, operating system, and average time spent on our Website. We use this information to help us understand our Website activity and to monitor and improve our Website.
Visiting Our Website:
Cookies:Our Website uses cookies, pixel tags (also called web beacons), and other tracking technologies (which we collectively refer to as "cookies"). A cookie is a tiny element of data that our Website sends to a user’s browser, which may then be stored on the user’s hard drive so that we can recognize the user’s computer or device when they return. You may set your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie or to not accept certain cookies. However, if you decide not to accept cookies from our Website, you may not be able to take advantage of all of the Website features. We also use third-party tools that use cookies and other technologies to collect information about your device and your behaviour on our Website in order to show us how you interact with our Website. The information collected includes information on what you see during your visit and actions you take when navigating our Website (e.g., clicks, mouse movements, hovers, page visits, scrolling, typing, form fills) as well as your device’s IP address, device screen size, device type, browser information, session duration, city and country, and preferred language. We use this information to optimize the user experience on our website, measure your engagement and help us identify errors on our Website.
Cookies:
Analytics:We may use a third party, such as Google Analytics, to help us gather and analyze information about the areas visited on the Website (such as the pages most read, time spent, search terms, and other engagement data) in order to evaluate, derive insights from, and improve the user experience and the Website (including the organization from which you access the website). These third parties may use cookies and other tracking technologies. For more information about Google Analytics or to prevent the storage and processing of this data (including your IP address) by Google, you can download and install the browser plug-in available at the following link: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en . You can also obtain additional information on Google Analytics’ data privacy and security at the following links:
Analytics:
https://policies.google.com/technologies/partner-sitesandhttps://support.google.com/analytics/topic/2919631
Third-Party Links: Our Website may contain links to other websites that Cohere does not own or operate. We provide links to third-party websites as a convenience to the user. These links are not intended as an endorsement of or referral to the linked websites. The linked websites have separate and independent privacy policies, notices, and terms of use. We do not have any control over such websites, and therefore we have no responsibility or liability for the manner in which the organizations that operate such linked websites may collect, use or disclose, secure and otherwise treat personal information. We encourage you to read the privacy policy of every website you visit.
Third-Party Links
SAFEGUARDS
We have implemented reasonable administrative, technical, and physical measures in an effort to safeguard the personal information in our custody and control against theft, loss, and unauthorized access, use, modification, and disclosure. We restrict access to personal information on a need-to-know basis to employees and authorized service providers who require access to fulfil their job requirements.
RETENTION
We only keep your personal information as long as it is operationally or legally necessary. After that, we will either destroy or anonymize the information.
ACCESS TO INFORMATION
If we receive a request from an individual to access or update personal information that we maintain on behalf of a customer, we will direct that individual to the relevant customer. We will assist our customers wherever possible in responding to individual access requests.
Subject to applicable law and your location, you may have the right to access, update or correct, delete, transfer, and object to processing your personal information in our control. Where we rely on your consent as a lawful basis to process your personal information, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time. However, in some cases, withdrawing consent will mean that we can no longer provide you with certain services or perform certain tasks where the information is required to do so.
Data subject requests, including what data subject rights you may be entitled to, with respect to personal information in our control can be made by emailing or writing to us at the contact information set out below. We may request certain personal information for the purpose of verifying the identity of the individual seeking access to their personal information records.
INTERNATIONAL TRANSFERS OF INFORMATION
Cohere is a global organization with affiliates, partners, and service providers located in many countries around the world. For that reason, Cohere may transfer, store, and/or receive certain personal information outside of your jurisdiction of residence and across geographical borders to and/or from Cohere affiliates or service providers in other countries working on our behalf in accordance with applicable law. Examples of countries we transfer personal information to include, but are not limited to, Canada, the United States, and the United Kingdom. As a result, in certain circumstances, other foreign governments, courts, law enforcement agencies, or regulatory agencies may be entitled to access the personal information collected and held by Cohere, its affiliates, partners, and service providers.
UPDATES TO THE PRIVACY POLICY
We may update this privacy policy periodically to reflect changes to our privacy practices. We encourage you to periodically review this page to ensure that you are familiar with those changes. We will indicate at the top of this privacy policy when it was most recently updated.
CONTACT US
If you have any questions or comments about this privacy policy or the manner in which we or our service providers treat your personal information, or to make data subject requests , please contact our Privacy Officer at:
Email:privacy@cohere.com
Mailing Address: 171 John Street, Suite 200, Toronto, ON Canada M5T 1X3