Additional Terms for AI Laws Responsibilities
Effective August 2 2025
These Additional Terms for AI Laws Responsibilities form an integral part of the agreement between you ("Customer") and Mistral AI (the “ Agreement
”). They outlines each parties’ obligations under the Applicable AI Laws.
1. Definitions
“ Applicable AI Laws
” means any applicable artificial intelligence law or regulation, including, to the extent applicable (a) Regulation (EU) 2024/1689 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 13 June 2024 laying down harmonized rules on artificial intelligence including any associated implementation or delegated acts (the “ AI Act
”), and (b) mandatory guidelines published by a Competent Authority.
“ AI Act Website
” means the interface provided by Mistral AI on its website where Mistral AI makes available to Customer (a) the list of Covered Mistral AI Products and (b) the Downstream Provider Documentation.
“ Competent Authority
” means a governmental authority with competent jurisdiction over the enforcement of an Applicable AI Law, including with respect to the AI Act (a) the AI Office and (b) the European Artificial Intelligence Board.
“ Covered Customer Product
” means any product provided by Customer to any End-User, including any third-party, as authorized under this Agreement that (a) integrates a Mistral AI Product, and/or results from a modification of a Mistral AI Product by or on behalf of Customer, and (b) is subject to the Applicable AI Laws. Covered Customer Products may include any (i) General-Purpose AI Model, (ii) Open-Source General-Purpose AI Model, (iii) General-Purpose AI Model with systemic risks, (iv) AI System or (v) High-Risk AI System.
“ Covered Mistral AI Product
” means any Mistral AI Product provided by Mistral AI to Customer under this Agreement and that is subject to the Applicable AI Laws, including any (a) General-Purpose AI Model, (b) Open-Source General-Purpose AI Model, (c) General-Purpose AI Model with systemic risks or (d) AI System.
“ Covered Third-Party Products
” means any product provided by a third-party under this Agreement and that is subject to the Applicable AI Laws including any (a) General-Purpose AI Model, (b) Open-Source General-Purpose AI Model, (c) General-Purpose AI Model with systemic risks, (c) AI System or (d) High-Risk AI System.
“ Downstream Provider Documentation
” means the documentation that Mistral AI is required to make available to Customer as Downstream Provider under the Applicable AI Laws, including for the avoidance of doubt the information and documentation regarding the capabilities and limitations of a General-Purpose AI Model or a General-Purpose AI Model with systemic risks provided by Mistral AI to Customer, as required by Article 53.1 (b) of the AI Act or the analogous provision in the Applicable AI Law (if any).
“ Open-Source General-Purpose AI Model
” means a General Purpose AI Model released under a free and open-source licence that allows for the access, usage, modification, and distribution of the Model, and whose parameters, including the weights, the information on the model architecture, and the information on Model usage, are made publicly available, in accordance with Article 53.2 of the AI Act or the analogous provision in the Applicable AI Law (if any).
All capitalized terms under these Additional Terms, unless otherwise defined under this Agreement, shall have the meaning given to them under the Applicable AI Laws.
2. Classification
2.1. Mistral AI Classification.
Mistral AI is the Provider of Covered Mistral AI Products under the Applicable AI Laws. For the avoidance of doubt, Mistral AI shall not be considered as the Provider of any Covered Customer Product or Covered Third-Party Product.
2.2. Classification of the Mistral AI Products.
Customer acknowledges that not all Mistral AI Products are considered as Covered Mistral AI Products under the Applicable AI Laws. Mistral AI is responsible for the classification of the Mistral AI Products in accordance with the Applicable AI Laws. For the avoidance of doubt, Mistral AI does not provide any High-Risk AI Systems under the Agreement.
3. Responsibilities
3.1. Mutual responsibilities.
Each Party shall comply with their respective obligations under the Applicable AI Laws. For the avoidance of doubt, (a) Mistral AI shall comply with its obligations as Provider of the Covered Mistral AI Products, (b) Customer shall comply with its own obligations relating to the provision, deployment and/or distribution of any Covered Customer Product, as applicable.
3.2. Mistral AI responsibilities.
In addition to its obligations under Section 3.1 (Mutual Responsibilities) of these Additional Terms, to the extent required under Applicable AI Laws, Mistral AI will:
Maintain and update a list of the Covered Mistral AI Products on the AI Act Website;
Indicate on the AI Act Website the classification of each Covered Mistral AI Product as either (a) a General-Purpose AI Model, (b) an Open-Source General-Purpose AI Model, (c) a General-Purpose AI Model with systemic risks, or (d) an AI System.
Make the applicable Downstream Provider Documentation available to Customers on the AI Act Website for each Covered Mistral AI Product.
Promptly inform Customer of any substantial change to the Downstream Provider Documentation.
Upon Customer’s request, Mistral AI will provide Customer with: Additional information insofar as such information is necessary to (i) enable Customer to have a good understanding of the capabilities and limitations of the Mistral AI General-Purpose AI Model relevant for its integration into the Customer’s AI system, and (ii) enable Customer to comply with its obligations pursuant to the Applicable AI Laws. Mistral AI will provide such information within a reasonable timeframe, and no later than fourteen (14) days of receiving the request, save for exceptional circumstances, and provided that Customer’s request is sufficiently precise. Such provision is subject to Mistral AI's rights to protect its intellectual property rights, trade secrets, and confidential business information.
Reasonable information that is relevant to (i) Customer’ systemic risk assessment and mitigation where a Covered Customer Product is classified as a General-Purpose AI Model with systemic risks or (ii) Customer’s conformity assessment where Customer has repurposed an AI System provided by Mistral AI into a High-Risk AI System, in each case, in so far as necessary to enable Customer to comply with its own obligations under the Applicable AI Laws. Such provision is subject to Mistral AI's rights to protect its intellectual property rights, trade secrets, and confidential business information.
Customer acknowledges that Mistral AI may withdraw any Covered Mistral AI Product classified as a General-Purpose AI Model with systemic risks if Mistral AI reasonably determines that a systemic risk has become unacceptable. Mistral AI will give Customer reasonable prior notice before discontinuing the Covered Mistral AI Product, unless a Competent Authority requires expedited action. Mistral AI will use its commercially reasonable efforts to promptly provide Customer with an alternative Mistral AI Product.
3.3. Customer responsibilities.
If Customer uses a Covered Mistral AI Product classified by Mistral AI as General-Purpose AI Model with systemic risks, Customer acknowledges that Mistral AI is required by the Applicable AI Laws to continuously monitor and assess the systemic risks that may stem from the deployment and use of such Covered Mistral AI Product by Customer. Accordingly, upon Mistral AI’s request, Customer shall (a) reasonably cooperate with Mistral AI to implement any security or safety measure to mitigate or remediate any systemic risks in accordance with the Applicable AI Laws and (b) provide any reasonable information that is relevant to systemic risks assessment and mitigation to Mistral AI to allow Mistral AI to comply with its own obligations under the Applicable AI Laws.
Customer acknowledges that Mistral AI is responsible for reporting to the Competent Authority any Serious Incident relating to any Covered Mistral AI Product classified as a General-Purpose AI Model with systemic risks. Accordingly, Customer shall notify Mistral AI of any Serious Incident within forty-eight (48) hours of becoming aware of such Serious Incident, to allow Mistral AI to report such Serious Incident to the Competent Authority. Customer shall report the Serious Incident to Mistral AI using the form available on the AI Act Website. Customer shall not report any Serious Incident regarding a Mistral AI Product to a Competent Authority unless required to do so by the Applicable AI Laws. If required by Applicable AI Laws to report a Serious Incident to the Competent Authority, the Customer will use best efforts to notify Mistral AI prior to such reporting if the Serious Incident concerns a Covered Mistral AI Product.
4. Evolution of these Additional Terms
4.1. Evolution of these Additional Terms.
The Parties acknowledge and agree that the Applicable AI Laws and especially the AI Act are new regulations that are still evolving and may impact the scope and extent of the Parties’ legal obligations. Accordingly, Mistral AI reserves the right to update these Additional Terms at any time.
4.2. Customer information.
If a change to these Additional Terms has a material adverse impact on Customer, then Customer may object to the change by notifying Mistral AI within thirty (30) days after Mistral AI provides notice.
4.3. Negotiation process.
If Customer notifies Mistral AI as described in Section 4.2. above, then the Parties will consult and negotiate in good faith to find a solution satisfactory for both Parties within 30 days of Customer’s notification. Failing that, Mistral AI will have the right to terminate the Agreement in accordance with the relevant provisions of the Agreement.
Data Processing Addendum
Effective 27 May 2025
This Data Processing Addendum (the “Data Processing Addendum” or the “DPA”) forms part of and supplements the Agreement entered into by and between Mistral AI and Customer as of the Effective Date.
1. Definitions
For the purposes of this Data Processing Addendum:
(a) “Agreement” means the service agreement entered into by and between the Parties, governing the provision of the Mistral AI Products by Mistral AI to the Customer. The DPA is hereby incorporated to the Agreement by reference.
(b) “Applicable Data Protection Law” means any applicable privacy, data security, or data protection law or regulation, including, to the extent applicable, Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 April 2016 applicable since 25 May 2018 (the “GDPR”) and the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018, as amended, and associated regulations promulgated thereunder (“CCPA”).
(c) “Description of Processing” means the Description of Processing attached to the Data Processing Addendum available at https://mistral.ai/terms#data-processing-agreement (as such URL may be updated by Mistral AI from time to time.
(d) “International Data Transfer” means any transfer of Personal Data to a Restricted Country.
(e) “Mistral AI Products” means the products and services provided by Mistral AI to the Customer under the Agreement.
(f) “Personal Data” means any Customer Data that: (a) consists of “personal data” or “personal information” (or analogous variations of such terms) as defined under Applicable Data Protection Law, and (b) which Mistral AI Processes as a Processor, as further described in the Agreement.
(g) “Process” or “Processing” means the processing of Personal Data as described in the Description of Processing.
(h) “Restricted Country” means any country located outside of the European Economic Area (EEA) and that does not benefit from an adequacy decision from the European Commission.
(i) “SCC” means the clauses annexed to the EU Commission Implementing Decision 2021/914 of June 4, 2021 on standard contractual clauses for the transfer of personal data to third countries pursuant to the GDPR, the text of which is available at: https://eur-lex.europa.eu/eli/dec_impl/2021/914/oj?uri=CELEX:32021D0914 .
(j) “Subprocessor” means any Processor appointed by Mistral AI to carry-out all or part of the Processing on behalf of the Customer.
(k) “Trust Center” means the Mistral AI Trust Center available at https://trust.mistral.ai/ (as such URL may be updated by Mistral AI from time to time).
The terms “Controller”, “Processor”, “Data Subjects”, and “Personal Data Breach”, (in each case, or analogous variations thereof as defined in Applicable Data Protection Law) as used in this Agreement will have the meanings in the Applicable Data Protection Law, and if not defined, then as defined under GDPR. The capitalized terms not defined herein shall have the meaning given in the Agreement.
2. Role of the Parties and description of the Processing
2.1 Role of the Parties
Customer is the Controller of the Personal Data. Mistral AI Processes the Personal Data on behalf of Customer as a Processor.
2.2 Description of the Processing
A description of the Processing is available in the Description of Processing. Mistral AI may update the Description of the Processing from time to time to reflect new Mistral AI Products, features, functionalities or Subprocessors.
2.3 Mistral AI as Controller
Mistral AI is authorized to process the Personal Data as Controller for the purposes of:
Training its artificial intelligence models in accordance with its Privacy Policy , unless (a) Customer opted-out of training or (b) uses a Mistral AI Product that is opted-out by default and has not opted-in. Customer acknowledges that if Customer provides feedback to Mistral AI by using the in-app "thumbs up" or "thumbs down" features (the "Feedback"), Mistral will use such Feedback as well as the associated Input and Output, as Controller, to train its artificial intelligence models, conduct research or improve the Mistral AI Products.
Automated moderation, including abuse monitoring on our APIs (except, in this last case, when zero data retention has been activated), to enforce the Agreement.
Make anonymized and aggregated statistics regarding the use by Customer of the Mistral AI Products (example: number of web search requests on Le Chat), in order to improve the Mistral AI Products and for roadmap prioritization purposes.
3. General obligations of the Parties
3.1 Obligations of Mistral AI
Mistral AI shall:
Process the Personal Data only in accordance with the documented lawful instructions of Customer, including as set forth in this DPA or the Agreement, , unless required to do so by applicable laws. In such a case, Mistral AI shall promptly inform Customer of such legal requirement, unless prohibited to do so by applicable law and/or on important grounds of public interest,
Promptly inform Customer if, in its opinion, Customer’s instructions regarding the Processing infringe the Applicable Data Protection Law. In such an event, Mistral AI is entitled to refuse to perform the Processing that it believes to be in violation of the Applicable Data Protection Law,
Ensure that any person Mistral AI authorizes to Process Personal Data (including Mistral AI team members and the Subprocessors), is subject to a duty of confidentiality,
Comply with all obligations applicable to it in its role as a Processor under Applicable Data Protection Law and provide the same level of privacy protection as is required by Applicable Data Protection Law,
Promptly notify Customer if Mistral AI determines it can no longer meet its obligations under this DPA, and allow Customer, upon notice to Mistral AI, to take reasonable and appropriate steps to stop and remediate unauthorized use of Personal Data, and
Taking into account the nature of the Processing and the information available to Mistral AI, upon Customer’s written request and to the extent that is (a) commercially reasonable and (b) required by the Applicable Data Protection Law, provide Customer with reasonable and timely assistance (i) in the event of an investigation from a supervisory authority related to the Processing, (ii) to conduct a data protection impact assessment, (iii) in case of a prior consultation with a supervisory authority, (iv) to allow Customer to comply with its obligations under Article 32 of the GDPR, always subject to confidentiality and trade secrets, and (v) to contribute to the audits performed by Customer under Section 9 of this DPA.
3.2 Obligations of Customer
Customer shall:
Comply with its obligations under the Applicable Data Protection Law regarding the Processing and any instruction provided to Mistral AI,
Provide notice and obtain all consents and rights required by the Applicable Data Protection Law for Mistral AI to Process Personal Data as part of the Processing, under this DPA.
4. Data Subjects
4.1 Customer responsibility
Customer shall (a) provide Data Subjects with the information required by the Applicable Data Protection Law and (b) respond to all Data Subjects requests to exercise their rights regarding the Processing.
4.2 Assistance
Taking into account the nature of the Processing and upon Customer’s request, Mistral AI shall provide Customer with commercially reasonable assistance to enable Customer to respond to requests from Data Subjects to exercise rights afforded to them under Applicable Data Protection Law (“Rights Request”).
4.3 Requests sent to Mistral AI
In the event that any Rights Request is made directly to Mistral AI, Mistral AI will not respond to such request directly without the Customer’s prior consent, unless required to do so by applicable law. Instead, Mistral AI will transfer that request to Customer who will then be solely responsible to respond to such request. If Mistral AI is legally required to respond to the Rights Request, Mistral AI will promptly notify the Customer of such legal requirement and provide it with a copy of the request unless prohibited to do so by applicable law.
5. Security
5.1 Security measures
Taking into account the state of the art, the costs of implementation and the nature, scope, context and purposes of Processing, as well as the risk of varying likelihood and severity for the rights and freedoms of natural persons, Mistral AI shall implement and maintain technical and organizational measures designed to protect Personal Data from any Personal Data Breach that meet or exceed requirements under Applicable Data Protection Law. The security measures implemented by Mistral AI under this DPA are listed in Exhibit 2 of this DPA. Customer acknowledges that such security measures are subject to technical progress and development and that Mistral AI may update them from time to time, provided that such updates do not materially decrease the overall security of the Processing.
6. Personal Data Breach
6.1 Notification
Taking into account the nature of the Processing and the information available to Mistral AI, Mistral AI shall notify Customer of any Personal Data Breach without undue delay after becoming aware of such Personal Data Breach. Mistral AI’s notification of or response to a Personal Data Breach in accordance with this Section 6 (Personal Data Breach) shall not be construed as an acknowledgment by Mistral AI of any fault or liability with respect to the Personal Data Breach.
6.2 Notification content
This notification shall include:
The name and contact details of Mistral AI’s point of contact point where more information can be obtained,
The nature of the Personal Data Breach, including but not limited to the categories and number of Data Subjects and Personal Data concerned by the Personal Data Breach,
A description of the measures Customer could take to mitigate the possible adverse effects of the Personal Data Breach and to prevent from another potential Personal Data Breach,
The likely consequences of the Personal Data Breach, and
The measures proposed or taken by Mistral AI following the Personal Data Breach, including to prevent from any new occurrence.
All of the information above may not be available at the time of initial notice and so may be provided by Mistral in phases as it becomes available.
6.3 Assistance
Upon Customer’s written request, taking into account the nature of the Processing and the information available to Mistral AI, Mistral AI shall provide the Customer with commercially reasonable assistance with respect to Customer’s compliance with its obligation to communicate the Personal Data Breach to Data Subjects, when required by the Applicable Data Protection Laws. If necessary, Mistral AI shall provide Customer with commercially reasonable and timely assistance to mitigate or remediate the Personal Data Breach.
7. Subprocessing
7.1 General authorization
Customer provides a prior and general authorization allowing Mistral AI to appoint any Subprocessors to assist Mistral AI in the provision of the Mistral AI Products and in the Processing, in accordance with the terms of this DPA. This authorisation is subject to the following:
Mistral AI will maintain an up-to-date list of its Subprocessors on Mistral AI’s website, including in the Trust Center,
If Customer subscribes to receive updates available on Mistral AI’s Subprocessor page on the Trust Center, Customer will be automatically notified by email of any addition or replacement of a Subprocessor to this list,
Mistral AI will enter into a written agreement with each Subprocessor imposing data protection terms that require the Subprocessor to protect the Personal Data to the same standards provided by this DPA, and
Mistral AI will remain liable to Customer if such Subprocessor fails to fulfill its data protection obligations with regard to the relevant Processing activities under the DPA.
7.2 Notification
Mistral AI will provide reasonable notice to the Customer of any changes to the list of Subprocessors prior to engaging such Subprocessor. The Customer may only object in writing to Mistral AI’s appointment of a new Subprocessor within ten (10) days of such notice by providing a written objection to privacy@mistral.ai, provided that such objection is based on reasonable grounds relating to the Applicable Data Protection Law, otherwise such new Subprocessor will be deemed approved. If Customer provides an objection during this ten (10) days period, the Parties will consult and negotiate in good faith to find a mutually acceptable resolution to address any objections raised by Customer, and if none are agreed to, then Mistral AI reserves the right to terminate the Agreement or just the affected Mistral AI Products undergoing the Subprocessor change.
8. Transfers of Personal Data to a Restricted Country
8.1 General authorization
Customer authorized Mistral AI to transfer Personal Data to any country deemed to have an adequate level of data protection by the European Commission. Customer also authorizes Mistral AI to perform International Data Transfers to (a) on the basis of adequate safeguards in accordance with Applicable Data Protection Laws, or (b) pursuant to the SCCs.
8.2 Customer located in a Restricted Country
This Section only applies if Customer is located in a Restricted Country. By accepting this DPA, Mistral AI and Customer conclude Module 4 (Processor-to-Controller) of the SCCs which applies to any International Data Transfer conducted by Mistral AI acting as a Data Processor and is hereby incorporated and completed as follows:
The “data exporter” is Mistral AI and the “data importer” is the Customer;
The optional docking clause in Clause 7 is implemented; the optional redress clause in Clause 11(a) is struck;
The governing law in Clause 17 is the law of France;
The courts in Clause 18(b) are the Courts of France; and
Annex I and II to the Module 4 of the SCCs are the Description of Processing and the Trust Center, respectively.
9. Audit
9.1 Document audit
Upon Customer’s written request, Mistral AI will make available all documents and information reasonably necessary to demonstrate that the Processing carried-out by Mistral AI complies with this DPA in a timely manner, to the extent that is commercially reasonable and required by the Applicable Data Protection Laws, subject to confidentiality and trade secrets.
9.2 Onsite audit
Only to the extent Customer cannot reasonably be satisfied with Mistral AI’s compliance with this DPA through the exercise of the audit set out in Section 9.1 (Document Audit) of this DPA, Customer may conduct up to one (1) on-site audit per year to verify Mistral AI’s compliance with this DPA, under the conditions defined below:
This audit must be conducted with reasonable advance written notice of at least ninety (90) calendar days,
This audit shall be carried out by an independent auditor selected jointly by the Parties for its expertise, independence and impartiality and which is, in any event, not a direct or indirect competitor of the Mistral AI,
The selected auditor shall be bound by a confidentiality agreement,
This audit shall be conducted during Mistral AI’s regular business hours,
This audit shall restrict its findings to only information and/or Personal Data relevant to Customer,
The audit shall not unreasonably impair or slow down the Mistral AI Products offered by Mistral AI or affect the organizational management of the Mistral AI,
Mistral AI will contribute to the audit upon Customer’s request and to the extent that is commercially reasonable,
An identical copy of the audit report shall be given to both Parties following the completion of the audit. Each Party may make observations regarding the audit report but the findings will be deemed the confidential information of Mistral AI,
The costs of this audit shall be borne exclusively by Customer.
10. Return or destruction of Personal Data
10.1 Return or destruction
After the end of the provision of the Mistral AI Products, Mistral AI will delete or return to Customer all Personal Data Processed on Customer’s behalf, in accordance with Mistral AI’s deletion policies and procedures. Customer acknowledges that the Personal Data will no longer be accessible upon the expiry of a thirty (30) days period following the termination of the Customer’s access to and use of the Mistral AI Products.
11. General
11.1 Term
This DPA shall commence on the earlier of (a) the effective date of the Agreement and (b) the date Mistral AI first Processes Personal Data on behalf of Customer, and will continue for the duration of the Agreement.
11.2 Incorporation and conflict
The Data Processing Addendum is incorporated in the Agreement by reference and forms an integral part of the Agreement. In the event of any conflict between the terms of the DPA and the remainder of the Agreement, the terms of the DPA shall prevail to the extent of such conflict.
11.3 Liability
The liability of each Party and each Party’s affiliates under this DPA is subject to the exclusions and limitations of liability set out in the Agreement.
12. Specific Privacy Laws
12.1 Applicability
The terms in each subsection of this Section 12 (Specific Privacy Laws) apply only where the corresponding law applies to the Processing of Personal Data.
12.2 CCPA
Mistral AI shall not: (i) Process the Personal Data for a commercial purpose other than as necessary to provide the Mistral AI Products to Customer; (ii) “sell” or “share” (each as defined by the CCPA) any Personal Data; (iii) Process the Personal Data outside of the direct business relationship between Processor and Customer; or (iv) combine Personal Data with any other personal data or information it collects (directly or via any third party) other than as expressly permitted under Applicable Data Protection Law for Processors.
EXHIBIT 1 - Description of the Processing
Mistral AI may update the description of the Processing from time to time to reflect new Mistral AI Products, features, functionalities or Subprocessors.
1. List of Parties
Controller:
Customer.
Processor:
Mistral AI, a French limited joint-stock corporation, incorporated in Paris, under number 952 418 325, having its registered offices at 15 rue des Halles, 75001 Paris, France. Contact details: privacy@mistral.ai.
With respect to any International Data Transfer, the data exporter and the data importer are set out in Section 8.2 of the DPA.
2. Description of Processing
Categories of data subjects:
Customer’s authorized users, and any other natural person whose personal data is processed by Customer when using the Mistral AI Products in accordance with the Agreement.
Categories of personal data:
Customer’s authorized users account data and any personal data processed by Customer when using the Mistral AI Products in accordance with the Agreement.
Special categories of personal data (if applicable):
None.
Duration and frequency of the Processing:
On a continuous basis, for the duration of the Agreement.
Nature of the Processing:
Providing the Mistral AI Product and performing its obligations in accordance with the Agreement which involves processing (including collection, organization, storage and structuring) of personal data; Debugging; Assessing, testing and verifying the performance of the Mistral AI Products provided to Customer pursuant to Mistral AI’s obligations under the Agreement. When Customer is using the Mistral AI Products under the Partner-Served Deployment Terms, Mistral AI only processes the Personal Data for the purpose of providing support services in accordance with those terms.
Purpose(s) of the data transfer and further Processing:
Providing the Mistral AI Product and performing its obligations in accordance with the Agreement; Debugging; Assessing, testing and verifying the performance of the Mistral AI Products provided to Customer pursuant to Mistral AI’s obligations under the Agreement. When Customer is using the Mistral AI Products under the Partner-Served Deployment Terms, Mistral AI only processes the Personal Data for the purpose of providing support services in accordance with those terms.
The period for which the personal data will be retained, or, if that is not possible, the criteria used to determine that period:
the duration of the Agreement.
For transfers to (sub-) processors, also specify subject matter, nature and duration of the processing:
The list of subprocessors is available here .
EXHIBIT 2 - Technical and organizational measures
The technical and organizational measures implemented by Mistral AI are listed in Mistral AI’s trust center available at https://trust.mistral.ai/ .
Mistral AI may update these measures at any time, subject to Section 5 (Security) of the DPA.
Privacy Policy
Effective 27 May 2025
Welcome to Mistral AI!
We know that your privacy is important, and we're committed to protecting it. This Privacy Policy explains, in a clear and simple way, how we collect, use, and protect your personal data when you use our generative AI Mistral AI Products such as Le Chat or La Plateforme (the " Mistral AI Products
").
Scope of this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy does not apply if you use our Mistral AI Products to process personal data in the context of your business activities. In this case, you are the data controller, and Mistral AI is the data processor processing on your behalf.
1. Who collects your data?
Mistral AI.
In the context of this Privacy Policy, Mistral AI is the data controller. This means that Mistral AI is the entity that decides how and why your personal data is collected and used.
Who we are.
Mistral AI is a French company incorporated in Paris, under number 952 418 325, having its registered offices at 15 rue des Halles, 75001 Paris (“ We
”, “ Us
” or “ Mistral AI
”).
How to contact us:
By using the “Privacy Requests” contact form available here.
Through our Help Center .
By sending us a letter at Mistral AI, Attn: Privacy Team, Mistral AI, 15 rue des Halles, 75001 Paris, France.
2. What data do we collect?
2.1. Data you provide directly to us
Category of personal data
When do we collect your personal data ?
Civil Identity,
such as your first and last name.
Account data,
such as the means to retrieve your password and to verify your account.
Contact Data,
such as your email address.
Contract Data,
such as the Mistral AI Product your subscribe to.
When you create your Mistral AI Account and subscribe to a Mistral AI Product.
Contact Data,
such as your email address.
When you subscribe to receive our communications.
Payment and billing information,
such as your invoices or your billing address.
When you subscribe to a paid Mistral AI Product
“ Input
”, any data you provide to generate an Output, such as prompts or fine-tuning data.
“Feedback”,
any information you provide when you rate an Output, such as “thumbs up” or “thumbs down", and the associated Input and Output.
When you use the Mistral AI Products
2.2. Personal data generated when you use the Mistral AI Products
Category of personal data
When do we collect your personal data ?
“ Technical Data
”, any log or technical data that your browser and device automatically send when you use the Mistral AI Products, such as your IP address or the type of network protocol you use.
Cookies
listed here.
" Usage Data
", any data that relates to how you use the Mistral AI Products.
“Output”,
any content generated by the Mistral AI Products based on your Input.
When you use the Mistral AI Products
2.3. Personal data that is indirectly provided to us
Data publicly available on the Internet.
Our artificial intelligence models are trained on data that is publicly available on the Internet, which may contain personal data, even if we use good practices to filter out such personal data.
Data provided by third-parties:
Hugging Face.
If you download our artificial intelligence models on Hugging Face, we collect your username and email address to enforce our license and send you communications about our new models.
Third-Party Content.
When you use certain features that interact with third party Mistral AI Products, such as Web Search or verified news on Le Chat, we may display content from third parties on Le Chat, such as links, thumbnails, or snippets (the " Third Party Content
"). This content is displayed to help you understand the Output better. If you include personal data in your Input, personal data might also appear in the Third-Party Content. We do not use this Third-Party Content to train our models.
3. Why do we use your personal data?
Why we use your personal data
Categories of personal data
Lawful basis
To provide and maintain the Mistral AI Products provided to you under the conditions set forth in our Terms of Service and any applicable Additional Terms
Your Civil Identity Data
Your Account Data
Your Contract Data
Your Technical Data
Your Input, Output and Feedback
Your Usage Data. Please note that we use part of your IP address to make your experience better, such as, for instance, to provide you with more accurate Outputs depending on where you use our Mistral AI Products. You can opt-out of this processing at any time through your user preferences on your Mistral AI Account.
The performance of the contract between you and Mistral AI
Debugging
Your Input, Output and Feedback
The performance of the contract between you and Mistral AI.
To create and administer your Mistral AI Account
Your Civil Identity Data
Your Account Data
Your Contract Data
The performance of the contract between you and Mistral AI.
To provide customer support, including debugging and fixing errors reported by you
Your Civil Identity Data
Your Contact Data
Your Feedback
Your Input and Output
The performance of the contract between you and Mistral AI.
To manage the security and integrity of the Mistral AI Products
Your Civil Identity Data
Your Account Data
Your Technical Data
Your Contact Data
Your Usage Data
To comply with our legal obligations.
Our legitimate interests in managing the security and integrity of the Mistral AI Products.
To communicate with you, including to send you newsletters or non-marketing communications about the Mistral AI Products
Your Civil Identity Data
Your Contact Data
Your consent, for marketing communications.
The performance of the agreement, for all non-marketing communication (e.g. to send you notifications about changes to our terms).
To improve the Mistral AI Products or develop new products (but excluding model training), such as to conduct research or to make aggregated and anonymous statistics
Your Civil Identity Data
Your Feedback
Your Input and Output
Aggregated and anonymous statistics
Our legitimate interest in continuously improving the Mistral AI Products and to introduce new features.
To train our artificial intelligence models (large language models)
to answer questions, generate text, translate, summarize and correct text, classify text, analyze feelings, etc. according to context, Inputs (e-mails, letters, reports, computer code, etc.) and Outputs.
Personal data included in the data publicly available on the Internet, despite our efforts to filter out such personal data
Your Input and Output, subject to your opt-out. Please note that we do not use your Input and Output to train our artificial intelligence models when you use Le Chat Team, Le Chat Enterprise or the paid version of our APIs. If you connect a third-party service to the Mistral AI Products, we do not use this third-party service to train our artificial intelligence models.
Your Feedback.
Our legitimate interest in developing and providing state-of-the-art large language models as part of the Mistral AI Products.
To manage and enforce our Terms of Service and licenses, including moderation and abuse monitoring
Your Civil Identity Data
Your Account Data
Your Contact Data
Your Input and Output
Your Feedback
The performance of the contract between you and Mistral AI.
To manage our commercial relationship with you, including to process payments and manage billing
Your Civil Identity Data
Your Account Data
Your Contact Data
Your Payment and Billing information
The performance of the agreement between you and Mistral AI.
Our legal obligations.
To investigate and resolve disputes between you and Mistral AI
If applicable and depending on the dispute:
Your Civil Identity
Your Account Data
Your Contact Data
Your Contract Data
Your Technical Data
Your Usage Data
Your Input, Output and Feedback
Any other data necessary for the investigation or resolution of the dispute.
Our legitimate interest in protecting and exercising our legal rights.
The performance of the Agreement between you and Mistral AI.
To reply to your requests to exercise your rights on your personal data
Your Civil Identity Data
Your Account Data
Your Contact Data
Any other personal data included in your privacy request
Our legal obligation to reply to your requests.
4. Cookies
When you visit our website, we use cookies (small text files stored on your device) to enhance your experience on the Mistral AI Products. For more information about the way we use cookies, please see our Cookie Policy .
5. How long do we keep your personal data?
We store your personal data only as long as needed for the purposes described in Section 3 of this Privacy Policy. You will find the main applicable retention periods below, for illustrative purposes:
Data we use to provide Le Chat to you:
we keep your Input and Output until you delete your account or until you delete the conversation from Le Chat.
Data we use to provide our APIs to you:
Except for specific APIs, we keep your Input and Output for the period necessary to generate the Output and then for thirty (30) rolling days to monitor abuse (unless zero data retention is activates).
If you use our Agents API, we keep your Input and Output until you terminate your account.
If you use our Fine-Tuning API, we keep your fine-tuning data until you delete it from La Plateforme or until you terminate your account.
Non-essential cookies data:
only as long as you consent to their use.
Your contact data (used for marketing operations):
only as long as you are subscribed to our newsletter.
Leads identity and contact data:
for 3 years from collection.
Sometimes, we may keep your data longer to comply with our legal obligations and/or for legal proceedings, as detailed below. Please note that the categories of personal data we retain longer will not be accessed or used by any member of our teams during their legal keeping periods, except to fulfill our legal obligations or in case of dispute or litigation (e.g. to recover an unpaid invoice). Once the legal retention periods have expired, we will permanently delete these categories of data.
Your Civil Identity Data (your first and last name, etc.):
for 5 years after the termination of your Mistral AI account.
Account Data (such as the phone number or email address you provided to verify or change your account password, etc.):
for 1 year after you delete your account.
Technical data (such as the types of protocols used to connect to our service, etc.):
for 1 rolling year from the date of connection, for each operation contributing to the operation of connection.
Invoices and related correspondence:
for 10 years from the close of the relevant financial yea
Contracts, commercial licenses to use our Models and contact details relating to both:
we keep your data for the duration of the contract and for 5 years following the termination of the contract.
Data relating to dispute resolution:
until the appeal period ends, provided that we may keep such data longer for archival purpose.
Data relating to your privacy requests:
for the duration of processing the request and for 6 years following the request.
Technical support data:
We keep your data until your request is processed and for 5 years for record-keeping.
6. Who do we share your personal data with?
We may share your personal data on a need-to-know basis with the following parties:
Our Team Members.
Authorized members of our teams who need to access your personal data, strictly to perform their jobs
Financial Institutions.
Banks and other financial organizations
Regulatory Authorities.
Such as the French data protection authority (CNIL)
Legal and Professional services.
When appropriate, we may share data with competent courts, mediators, accountants, auditors, lawyers, bailiffs, and debt collection agencies.
Additionally, we may share all or part of your personal data with our service providers. Before engaging with any provider which handles customer data, our security team conducts audits to ensure they meet our privacy and security standards, in accordance with our certifications.We sign a dedicated data protection agreement with each of these providers.
Our main providers are listed on our Trust Center .
7. Do we transfer Your Personal Data Outside of the European Union?
We prioritize selecting providers within the European Union that strictly adhere to the GDPR. However, in exceptional cases, we may opt for non-EU providers that meet our high standards of data security and Personal Data protection.
We take the necessary steps to ensure that all contracts with service providers who process personal data outside the European Union have adequate safeguards in compliance with Article 46 of the GDPR. Additionally, we attach the most recent version of the European Commission’s Standard Contractual Clauses to all such contracts.
8. Your rights
You can exercise the following rights :
Access.
You have the right to know if we process your personal data. You also have the right to request a copy of such personal data and to obtain further information about the way we process your personal data. We've introduced a user control which allows you to export your data at all times from your Mistral AI account. For more information, please refer to our Help Center.
Rectification.
You have the right to ask us to update or correct your personal data.
Deletion.
You have the right to delete and/or ask us to delete your personal data. We’ve introduced a user control which allows you to delete your account at all times. For more information, please refer to our Help Center.
Objection.
You have the right to object to the processing of your personal data. This right does not apply when we have a legal obligation to process your personal data. We’ve introduced a user control which allows you to object to the use of your input and output data for model training directly from your account. For more information, please refer to our Help Center.
Consent withdrawal.
You have the right to withdraw your consent to the processing of your personal data at any time.
Limitation.
You have the right to ask us to freeze the processing of your personal data.
Automated decision.
You have the right to not be subject to an automated decision (including profiling) and to appeal such a decision. Mistral AI does not engage in profiling or automated decision-making in the processing of personal data.
Portability.
You have the right to obtain and transfer your personal data to another entity.
Post mortem.
You have the right to tell us how you would like us to process your personal data after your death.
Lodge a complaint.
You have the right to lodge a complaint before the competent data protection authority, including the French data protection authority (the CNIL).
We will take every step to make sure we reply to your requests. However, when your request concerns the training of our models, it’s important to note that your rights have technical limitations and fulfilling your requests might involve a complex technical process.
You can exercise these rights at all times:
By using the user controls which are available from your Mistral AI Account settings and which allow you to: delete your account at all times, obtain a copy of your data, object to the use of your input and output data for model training. For more information on these user controls, please refer to our Help Center .
By using the “Privacy Requests”
contact form available here.
By sending us a letter at
Mistral AI, Attn: Privacy Team, Mistral AI, 15 rue des Halles, 75001 Paris, France.
9. Changes to this Privacy Policy
We may amend this Privacy Policy from time to time as our Services continuously evolve. Make sure to check this Privacy Policy frequently.
Usage Policy
Effective 27 May 2025
Scope
Our usage policy (the “ Usage Policy
”) applies to:
All the Mistral AI Products accessible on our platform, including Le Chat and La Plateforme,
All users of our Mistral AI Products, including individuals, organizations, and businesses,
All content generated, shared, or accessed through our Mistral AI Products, and
All interactions and activities conducted on or through the Mistral AI Products.
Our principles
Our goal is to make technology more accessible and showcase how generative AI enables greater access to knowledge. To further responsible artificial intelligence development and deployment, the following principles guide how we build and offer our services:
Be neutral:
we believe technology should be as neutral as possible.
Empower people:
we believe in minimizing the risk of abuse while trusting that you should be empowered to define and use available and robust controls adapted to you and your priorities.
Build trust through transparency:
we believe in building services that provide everyone the right to access generative AI and in being transparent about our artificial intelligence models, policies, and enforcement.
Prohibited content and activities
Illegal activities.
When using the Mistral AI Products, you must comply with applicable laws. As such, you must not use the Mistral AI Products to engage in, encourage, promote, offer, or solicit illegal activity, and any such use may be reported to law enforcement. For instance, you must not use the Mistral AI Products to generate:
Content that promotes, facilitates, or provides instructions for drug trafficking or distribution, or information on obtaining or using illegal substances,
Content that infringes, misappropriates, or otherwise violates any third party’s rights, including intellectual property rights,
Content related to activities with high-risk of physical harm, such as weapons development, military and warfare, management, or operation of critical infrastructure in energy, transportation, and water, or
Content that enables or exploits individuals, including through human trafficking or sexual services.
Child Sexual Abuse Material (“CSAM”)
Mistral AI has a zero tolerance policy regarding CSAM. Any generation or attempt to generate CSAM on our Mistral AI Products is strictly prohibited. We will report all actual or suspected CSAM to the relevant law enforcement authorities and will terminate your account.
Non-consensual intimate imagery.
You shall not use the Mistral AI Products to generate intimate images of any person without the explicit consent of all individuals involved.
Hate and discrimination.
You shall not use our Mistral AI Products to promote hate, discrimination, or harassment, including generating any content that promotes, incites, glorifies, or celebrates:
Hate or discrimination based on an individual’s race, gender, ethnicity, religion, nationality, sexual orientation, disability status, or caste,
Engaging in revisionism or denialism, particularly regarding historically documented events such as the Holocaust or other genocides,
Harassing language towards any target, or
The suffering or humiliation of others.
Violence and threats.
Use of the Mistral AI Products to conduct or generate any activity or content that promotes, incites, threatens, or glorifies violence is not permitted. This includes, for instance, threats of physical harm or glorification of violent acts or terrorism.
Self-harm.
You shall not use the Mistral AI Products to generate content that promotes, encourages, or provides instructions for self-harm or suicide. This includes, for instance:
Graphic depictions of self-harm,
Detailed descriptions of self-harm methods, or
Encouragement of others to engage in self-harm or suicidal behavior.
Fraud and scams.
Using the Mistral AI Products to engage in any form of fraudulent activity or scams is prohibited. This includes, for instance:
Phishing attempts,
Financial scams,
Impersonation, or
Misrepresentation of facts and data.
Misinformation.
You shall not use the Mistral AI Products to generate content that is deliberately misleading, false, or intended to deceive others. This includes, for instance:
Spreading false information about current events, health, science, or that undermines the integrity of a civic or political process,
Promoting conspiracy theories that can cause harm,
Misinformation that targets protected groups.
Privacy.
Generating content that invades or violates the privacy of others is prohibited.
Professional advice.
You shall not use our Mistral AI Products to provide professional advice without proper qualification. This includes, for instance:
Offering investment advice, financial planning, or any form of financial guidance;
Providing legal counsel, interpretations of the law, or recommendations on legal actions;
Offering medical diagnoses, treatment suggestions, or any form of health-related guidance.
Our enforcement
Violations of this Usage Policy may result in temporary suspension or permanent termination of your account in accordance with our Terms of Service, and, where appropriate, reporting to relevant authorities.
Report violations
If you encounter any content or activity that violates this Usage Policy, please report it immediately through our Help Center or at legal@mistral.ai . We take all reports seriously and will investigate promptly.
Updates
We reserve the right to update this Usage Policy from time to time on our website.We reserve the right to update the Terms of Use at any time. We therefore invite you to consult our Usage Policy frequently to stay informed of any changes.
Partner Served - Deployment Terms
Effective 27 May 2025
Preamble
These deployment terms (these “ Terms
”) govern your use of the products and/or Mistral AI Products, including artificial intelligence models (the " Models
"), provided by Mistral AI (the " Mistral AI Products
") through:
Our cloud provider partners (the " Cloud Providers
"), on the Cloud Provider's infrastructure (the "P artner Infrastructure
"), or your infrastructure (" Your Infrastructure
"), or
Our resellers (the " Resellers
") on Your Infrastructure.
In these Terms, we refer to the Cloud Provider Infrastructure and Your Infrastructure as the " Infrastructure
". We refer to Cloud Providers and Resellers as " Partners
". The Mistral AI Products are provided by Mistral AI, a French limited corporation, having its registered offices at 15 rue des Halles, 75001 Paris, France.
We encourage you to read and understand these Terms because by accessing or using any of the Mistral AI Products through a Partner, you are agreeing to these Terms which constitute an agreement between you and Mistral AI.
Here are some key points to understand about using the Mistral AI Products via a Partner:
We do not have access to the Infrastructure or Your Data and do not use Your Data to train our Models.
You also have a contract with the Partner that governs your use of the Partner Infrastructure (if applicable) and any Mistral AI Products provided by such Partner (the “Partner Terms”).
When you use the Mistral AI Products through a Cloud Provider on the Infrastructure, the Cloud Provider is your sole point of contact, including for support.
1. Responsibilities
1.1 Our responsibilities
We are responsible for providing the Mistral AI Products to you on the Infrastructure in accordance with applicable laws and these Terms.
1.2 The Partner’s responsibilities
The Partner is responsible for billing and collecting any fees for use of the Mistral AI Products on the Infrastructure.
When you use the Mistral AI Products through a Cloud Provider, the Cloud Provider is responsible for (a) making the Mistral AI Products available to you on the Infrastructure, (b) providing you with the Partner Infrastructure (if applicable) and complementary Mistral AI Products, and (c) being your sole point of contact for any requests related to the Mistral AI Products on the Infrastructure.
1.3 Your responsibilities
You are responsible for using the Mistral AI Products in accordance with applicable laws, these Terms and the Partner Terms (if applicable).
2. Using the Mistral AI Products
2.1 License
We grant you, and any of your authorized users, a non-exclusive right to access and use the Mistral AI Products on the Infrastructure only in compliance with these Terms, all applicable laws and regulations, and any other documentation, guidelines, or policies we make available to you, whether directly or through our Partner. This right includes the rights to (a) integrate our Mistral AI Product into Your Offerings (as defined in Section 6) and (b) use the Mistral AI Products for your own internal business purposes. For the avoidance of doubt, the license granted in this Section also applies to any Customized Mistral AI Product (as defined in Section 7.5).
2.2 Restrictions
For the avoidance of doubt, we remain the sole owner of all right, title, and interest in and to the the Mistral AI Products (including all Mistral AI Products, documentation, and related software developed by Mistral AI and provided to you in connection with these Terms), including any modifications or enhancements to any of the foregoing, and all intellectual property in all of the foregoing, but excluding any Customer Owned Developments. “Customer Owned Developments” means any developments made by you to customize a Mistral AI Product or in furtherance of Customer’s use of a Mistral AI Product, in each case only as expressly authorized in these Terms.
You only receive rights to use the Mistral AI Products as explicitly granted in these Terms. You will not, and will not permit any other person to:
(a) use the Mistral AI Products or Your Data in a manner that violates any applicable laws (including trade laws, and sanctions and export control laws), these Terms, or any of our policies;
(b) use the Mistral AI Products or Your Data in a manner that infringes, misappropriates, or otherwise violates any third party’s rights, such as intellectual property rights, including intentionally using the Mistral AI Products to generate Outputs that infringe third party rights;
(c) send any personal information of children under 13 or the applicable age of digital consent or allow minors to use the Mistral AI Products without consent from their parent or guardian;
(d) reverse assemble, reverse compile, decompile, translate, engage in model extraction or stealing attacks, or otherwise attempt to discover the source code or underlying components of the Mistral AI Products, algorithms, and systems of the Mistral AI Products (except to the extent these restrictions are contrary to applicable law);
(e) compromise the security or proper functionality of the Mistral AI Products, including interfering with, circumventing, or bypassing security or moderation mechanisms in the Mistral AI Products or performing any vulnerability, penetration, or similar testing of the Mistral AI Products;
(f) use any method to extract any content from the Mistral AI Products other than Outputs; or
(g) distribute or market the Mistral AI Products as a standalone product or Mistral AI Product and/or act as a distributor of the Mistral AI Products without our prior written consent.
2.3 Support
When the Mistral AI Products are provided on the Partner Infrastructure, any support requests must be made to the Partner, in accordance with the Partner Terms.
2.4 Mistral AI Product discontinuation
We reserve the right to discontinue the availability of the Mistral AI Products. We will provide a minimum notice period of six (6) months prior to the discontinuation of any Mistral AI Product. During such notice period, the Mistral AI Product will not be available to any new customers. You are responsible for ensuring that your contact information is up-to-date to receive such notifications.
2.5 Specific Access
“Specific Access” refers to any Mistral AI Product where you have access to the weights of our Mistral AI Products. If your subscription includes Specific Access, the following terms apply to your use of the Mistral AI Products:
(a) Our Mistral AI Products and their weights are highly confidential and you must ensure their confidentiality by implementing confidentiality and security measures at least as stringent as those you use to protect your own Confidential Information (as defined in Section 9) of similar sensitivity;
(b) In the event of any unauthorized disclosure or access to our Mistral AI Products or their weights (each, a “Security Incident”), you must immediately notify us at legal@mistral.ai. Such notification must include at least the following details: (a) the time the Security Incident occurred, (b) the Model affected by the Security Incident, (c) the nature and impact of the Security Incident, and (d) the measures which have been taken or which are proposed to be taken to address the Security Incident and to mitigate its possible adverse effects.
(c) You acknowledge that we implement security measures, such as watermarking, for each Model provided to users whose subscriptions include Specific Access to ensure the Model’s traceability. While these measures allow us to trace our Mistral AI Products, they do not allow us to access or use that specific copy of the Model or Your Data.
3. Your User Data
3.1 Your Data
You and your authorized users may provide input to the Mistral AI Products (“Input”), and receive output from the Mistral AI Products based on the Input (“Output”). For clarity, (i) Input also includes any training or fine-tuning data provided by you and (ii) Output excludes any Model weights. We refer to Input and Output collectively as “Your Data”. To the extent permitted by applicable law, you (i) retain all ownership rights in Input and (ii) own all Output. We assign to you all right, title, and interest, if any, in and to Output that we may have.
3.2 Responsibility for Your Data
You are responsible for all Input and represent and warrant that you have all rights, licenses, and permissions required to provide Input to the Mistral AI Products. You are solely responsible for all use of the Outputs and evaluating the Output for accuracy and appropriateness for your use case. You must also not represent that the Output was generated by a human when it was generated by the Mistral AI Products. We may also provide Output filters for certain Mistral AI Products. If you deactivate these filters, you are solely responsible for the Output that is generated.
3.3 Similarity of Output
Due to the nature of the Mistral AI Products, your Output may be similar or identical to the response generated for another user of the Mistral AI Products. We provide no guarantees that your Output will be unique. Any responses generated for other users by the Mistral AI Products are not considered your Output even if similar or identical to your Output.
3.4 How we use Your Data
We do not access or use Your Data, unless you include Your Data in your technical support request and such request is shared with us by the Partner. In any case, we do not use Your Data to train our Models.
4. Warranties; Disclaimer
4.1 Our Warranties
We warrant that, when used in accordance with these Terms, the Mistral AI Products will conform in all material respects with the documentation we provide to you or otherwise make publicly available.
4.2 Your Warranties
You warrant that (i) you have the authority to enter into and accept these Terms and (ii) you and your end-users (if any) will use the Mistral AI Products in accordance with the applicable laws and regulations and these Terms.
4.3 Disclaimer
EXCEPT FOR THE WARRANTIES IN THIS SECTION 4 (WARRANTIES; DISCLAIMER), THE MISTRAL AI PRODUCTS ARE PROVIDED “AS IS” AND WE AND OUR AFFILIATES AND LICENSORS DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND TITLE, NONINFRINGEMENT, OR QUIET ENJOYMENT, AND ANY WARRANTIES ARISING OUT OF COURSE OF DEALING OR TRADE USAGE. WE MAKE NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES (I) THAT USE OF THE MISTRAL AI PRODUCTS WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, ERROR-FREE, SECURE, OR BE SUITABLE FOR YOUR SPECIFIC PURPOSES OR USE-CASES, (II) THAT DEFECTS WILL BE CORRECTED, OR (III) THAT YOUR DATA WILL BE ACCURATE. MOREOVER, WE MAKE NO WARRANTY AS TO THE MISTRAL AI PRODUCTS PROVIDED BY THE PARTNER OR ANY THIRD-PARTY, OR THE INFRASTRUCTURE.
5. Indemnification
5.1 By you
You will indemnify, defend, and hold us and our affiliates, Mistral AI Product providers, and licensors harmless against any liabilities, damages, and costs (including reasonable attorneys’ fees) payable to a third party arising out of a third party claim related to (i) the use of the Mistral AI Products in violation of these Terms (including violation of our policies), (ii) any of your products or Mistral AI Products that you make available to users in connection with the Mistral AI Products or Outputs (“Your Offerings”) (if any), or (iii) Your Data.
5.2 By us
We will indemnify and defend you for any damages finally awarded by a court of competent jurisdiction and any settlement amounts payable to a third party arising out of a third party claim alleging that the Mistral AI Products infringe any third party intellectual property right. This excludes claims to the extent arising from: (i) the Partner Infrastructure and/or any Mistral AI Products provided solely by the Partner, (ii) Your Infrastructure, (iii) the combination of any of the Mistral AI Products with products, Mistral AI Products, or software not provided by us or on our behalf (including Your Offerings, Your Infrastructure, the Partner Infrastructure or Mistral AI Products provided by the Partner), (iv) any modification of the Mistral AI Products by any party other than us, (v) the Input, (vi) your modification of the Output, (vii) your failure to comply with these Terms or applicable laws, regulations, or industry standards, (viii) your use of the Mistral AI Products or Your Data in a manner that you knew, or reasonably should have known, was likely to violate third party rights or applicable laws or regulations, (ix) Your Offerings (if the claim would not have arisen but for Your Offerings), or (x) any Mistral AI Products made available to you for beta testing purposes.
5.3 Indemnification Procedure
The indemnification obligations in this Section 5 (Indemnification) are subject to the indemnifying party (i) receiving a prompt written notice of such claim from the party seeking indemnification; (ii) having sole control of defense and settlement of the claim (provided that the party seeking indemnification may participate in its own defense at its sole expense), and (iii) the party seeking indemnification providing all reasonable necessary cooperation and assistance, including preserving and sharing relevant information. The indemnifying party cannot enter into any settlement or compromise of any claim without prior written consent of the other party, which will not be unreasonably withheld, except that the indemnifying party may without consent enter into any settlement of a claim that resolves the claim without liability to the other party, impairment to any of the other party’s rights, or requiring the other party to make any admission of liability.
5.4 Remedies
The remedies in this Section 5 (Indemnification) are the sole and exclusive remedies for any third-party claim that the Mistral AI Products or Your Data infringe intellectual property rights.
6. Liability
6.1 Limitation of Liability
NEITHER WE NOR ANY OF OUR AFFILIATES, EMPLOYEES, SHAREHOLDERS, LICENSORS, AGENTS, SUPPLIERS, OR Mistral AI Product PROVIDERS WILL BE LIABLE FOR ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES, INCLUDING DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF PROFITS, GOODWILL, USE, OR DATA OR OTHER LOSSES, EVEN IF WE HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. OUR AGGREGATE LIABILITY UNDER THESE TERMS WILL NOT EXCEED THE AMOUNT YOU PAID FOR THE MISTRAL AI PRODUCT THAT GAVE RISE TO THE CLAIM DURING THE 12 MONTHS BEFORE THE LIABILITY AROSE. THE LIMITATIONS IN THIS SECTION 6 (LIABILITY) APPLY ONLY TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW.
6.2 Exclusions
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, nothing limits either Party’s liability for: (i) Death or personal injury to limb or health caused by its negligence (including of its personnel); (ii) fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation; (iii) breach of Section 2.1 (License), Section 2.2 (Restrictions), or Section 9 (Confidentiality); (iv) matters for which liability may not be limited by applicable law.
7. Term, suspension and termination
7.1 Term
These Terms will commence on the earlier of (i) the date you first use the Mistral AI Products or (ii) the date you accept these Terms, and will continue until terminated.
7.2 Suspension
We reserve the right to suspend or terminate your access to all or part of the Mistral AI Products if: (i) you breach these Terms, (ii) you fail to pay any fees when due, (iii) we need to do so in order to comply with applicable law, or (iv) your continued use of the Mistral AI Products could cause risk or harm to Mistral AI, our users, or anyone else. If you believe we have suspended or terminated your account in error, you can file an appeal with us by contacting us via the Help Center.
7.3 Termination for breach
Subject to the Partner Terms, either party may terminate this Agreement upon providing written notice to the other party if the other party commits a material breach of any term or condition of this Agreement and fails to cure such breach within thirty (30) days after receipt of written notice specifying the breach.
7.4 Other causes of termination
These Terms will automatically terminate upon the termination or expiration of (i) our agreement with Partner that enables you to access the Mistral AI Products on the Infrastructure or (ii) your agreement with Partner that enables you to access the Mistral AI Product on the Infrastructure.
7.5 Effects of termination
Termination or expiration will not affect any rights or obligations, including the payment of amounts due, which have accrued under these Terms up to the date of termination or expiration. Upon termination or expiration of these Terms, the provisions that are intended by their nature to survive termination will survive and continue in full force and effect in accordance with their terms, including confidentiality obligations, limitations of liability, and disclaimers.
Upon any expiration or termination of these Terms, you will (a) cease to use the Mistral AI Products (including all Customized Mistral AI Products); and (b) destroy and certify the destruction within seven (7) days of the effective date of termination or expiration of these Terms: (i) all copies of the Mistral AI Products (including all Customized Mistral AI Products) you may have in your possession on Your Infrastructure and (ii) all copies of Mistral AI Confidential Information you may have in your possession on Your Infrastructure. “Customized Mistral AI Product” means a Mistral AI Product that has been customized under these Terms, including by means of combining the Mistral AI Product and Customer Owned Developments.
8. Personal Data
We may process your personal data included in your support requests. If you use the Mistral AI Products through a Partner, we may act as your Processor for the processing of personal data included in your support request and such processing shall be governed by our Data Processing Agreement, unless otherwise stated in the Partner Terms.
9. Confidentiality
Confidential Information. “Confidential Information” means any and all information, in any medium, which is provided by one Party (“Discloser”) to the other Party (“Recipient”), that is either (a) marked as “confidential”, “proprietary” or similar words, or if disclosed orally, confirmed in writing as such by the Discloser following the disclosure; or (b) any information which Recipient should have reasonably considered to be confidential under the circumstances surrounding disclosure.
Confidentiality obligation. Each Party acknowledges that during the course of performing its obligations hereunder it may receive or disclose Confidential Information. Each Party expressly acknowledges that the Confidential Information of the other Party may consist of trade secrets and proprietary information having significant commercial value, and that knowledge of all or any part of the Confidential Information would potentially yield a competitive advantage over others not having such knowledge. Accordingly, neither Party will (a) use the Confidential Information of the other Party except to exercise rights or perform obligations under this Agreement or (b) disclose the Confidential Information of the other Party to any third party except to Recipient’s directors, employees, or consultants to the extent necessary to carry out the purposes of this Agreement, provided that all such recipients are obligated by a written agreement containing confidentiality obligations at least as stringent as described herein. Each Party will take such steps as may be reasonable in the circumstances, or as may be reasonably requested by the other party, to prevent any unauthorized disclosure, copying or use of the Confidential Information by such third parties. Each Party may also disclose Confidential Information to the extent required by judicial or governmental order or as necessary to comply with any applicable law or regulation governing regulated businesses or the issuance of securities to the public, provided that the party making the disclosure gives the other party reasonable notice prior to such disclosure and, in the case of a judicial or governmental order, complies with any applicable protective order or equivalent. Recipient agrees to exercise due care in protecting Discloser’s Confidential Information from unauthorized use and disclosure, and at a minimum will use at least the degree of care a reasonable person would use with respect to Confidential Information of similar sensitivity. Recipient will promptly notify Discloser if Recipient becomes aware of any unauthorized disclosure or access to Discloser’s Confidential Information, or any security incident that may result in any unauthorized disclosure or access to Discloser’s Confidential Information and will cooperate with Discloser to remedy any such unauthorized disclosure or access and/or secure such Confidential Information.
Exclusions. Confidential Information herein will not include information that: (a) Recipient can demonstrate by its written records to have had in its possession prior to disclosure by Discloser; (b) was part of the public knowledge or literature, not as a result of any action or inaction of Recipient; (c) was subsequently disclosed to Recipient from a source other than Discloser who was not bound by an obligation of confidentiality to Discloser; or (d) Recipient can demonstrate by its written records to have been independently developed by Recipient without the use, directly or indirectly, of any Confidential Information.
10. Audit
This Section 10 (Audit) only applies when you use the Mistral AI Products on Your Infrastructure and through a Reseller.
During the Term and for one (1) year thereafter, Mistral AI may, at its own expense and with thirty (30) business days' notice, conduct audits (up to one (1) audit per year) to ensure your compliance with Sections 2.1 (License) and 7.5 (Effects of Termination). You agree to provide all relevant documents and grant access to your premises and computer systems to enable Mistral AI to assess Customer’s compliance with this Agreement. Audits will be conducted by a third-party company selected by Mistral AI, free from any competitive interests with you and bound by professional confidentiality. You agree to cooperate in good faith with the appointed third-party auditor, providing necessary information and responding to audit-related inquiries. Audits must not unduly disrupt your business operations. If the audit reveals unauthorized use of the Mistral AI Products or Confidential Information, Mistral AI may: (a) instruct Reseller to charge you additional fees that you should have paid due to such unauthorized use; or (b) mandate the destruction of unauthorized versions or copies of the Mistral AI Products and/or Confidential Information. In the event of audit findings indicating Customer’s breach of the Agreement, the costs of the audit will be borne by Customer only.
11. General Provisions
Assignment. You may not assign or transfer any rights or obligations under these Terms and any attempt to do so will be void. We may assign our rights or obligations under these Terms to any affiliate, subsidiary, or successor in interest of any business associated with our Mistral AI Product.
Force Majeure. Neither party will be liable to the other for any delay or failure to perform any obligation under these Terms (except for a failure to pay fees) if such delay or failure is due to unforeseen events beyond the reasonable control of such party.
Independent Contractors. There is no relationship of partnership, joint venture, employment, franchise or agency created between the parties under these Terms. Neither party will have the power to bind the other or incur obligations on the other party’s behalf without the other party’s prior written consent.
No Third-Party Rights. There are no third-party beneficiaries to these Terms.
Waivers. No waiver of any term of these Terms will be deemed a further or continuing waiver of such term or of any other term, and our failure to assert any right or provision under these Terms will not constitute a waiver of such right or provision.
Entire Agreement; severability. Unless otherwise agreed in writing between you and Mistral AI, these Terms, constitute the entire agreement between you and us concerning the Mistral AI Products. Any statements or comments made between you and any of our employees or representatives are expressly excluded from these Terms and will not apply to you or us, or to your access to or use of the Mistral AI products. If any provision of these Terms is deemed invalid by a court of competent jurisdiction, the invalidity of such provision will not affect the validity of the remaining provisions of these Terms, which will remain in full force and effect.
Governing law and venue. (a) Unless you are located in the United States, the laws of France will govern all disputes arising out of or relating to these Terms (including any applicable Additional Terms), or related Mistral AI Products, regardless of conflict of laws rules. These disputes will be resolved exclusively in the courts located in Paris, France, and you and Mistral AI consent to personal jurisdiction in those courts. (b) If you are located in the United States, California law will govern all disputes arising out of or relating to these Terms (including any applicable Additional Terms), or related Mistral AI Products, regardless of conflict of laws rules. These disputes will be resolved exclusively in the federal or state courts of Santa Clara County, California, USA, and you and Mistral AI consent to personal jurisdiction in those courts.
Cookie Policy
Effective as of 27 May 2025
1. What is a cookie ?
A cookie is a small text file that is temporarily stored on your device, such as a computer, tablet, smartphone, or other device, when you access our website or our services such as Le Chat or La Plateforme.
These cookies enable us to distinguish you from other users, remember your preferences, and analyze how you interact with our services to improve them. Cookies also allow us to display personalized advertisements on our website or on other websites. They do not directly identify you, but can offer a more personalized web experience.
2. What cookies do we use ?
Technically required cookies.
These cookies are essential for the operation of our website and our services and cannot be disabled through our cookie banner. They are typically activated in response to your actions, such as configuring privacy settings, logging in, or completing forms. While you can configure your browser to block or notify you about these cookies, doing so may impair the functionality of certain parts of the site. These cookies do not collect or store any personally identifiable information.
Cloudflare
Cookies:
__cf_bm, _cfuvid
Purpose:
Security and rate limiting rules.
Privacy Policy:
https://www.cloudflare.com/privacypolicy/
Provider:
Cloudflare
Domain:
mistral.ai
Intercom
Cookies:
intercom-device-id, intercom-id, intercom-session
Purpose:
Support chatbot.
Privacy Policy:
https://www.intercom.com/help/en/articles/2361922-intercom-messenger-cookies
Provider:
Intercom
Domain:
chat.mistral.ai
Mistral AI
Cookies:
NEXT_LOCALE
Purpose:
Language preferences.
Domain:
chat.mistral.ai
Ory
Cookies:
ory_kratos_continuity, ory_session_
Purpose:
Authentication.
Privacy Policy:
https://www.ory.sh/legal/privacy
Provider:
Ory
Domain:
chat.mistral.ai
Analytics.
We use analytics cookies to count visits and track traffic sources. These cookies help us measure and improve our website's performance. For instance, they show us which pages are popular and how visitors navigate our website or our services, through aggregated and anonymous statistics. Without these cookies, we are not able to monitor the performance of our website or count your visit on our services.
Google Analytics
Cookies:
_ga, _gid, _gat, _gac_<property-id>
Purpose:
We use these cookies to count the visits and measure performance of our website.
Privacy Policy:
https://business.safety.google/adscookies/
Provider:
Google
Domain:
mistral.ai
Posthog
Cookies:
ph_, ph_phc, _rdt_uuid
Purpose:
We use these cookies to analyse the way you interact with our website in order to improve it.
Privacy Policy
: https://posthog.com/privacy
Provider:
Posthog.
Domain:
chat.mistral.ai
Marketing.
Marketing cookies, set by our partners, help us deliver more effective marketing by showing relevant ads on other websites. These cookies do not allow us to directly identify you, but use your browser and device's unique ID to display those ads, to provide aggregated reporting, and track when marketing content has been shown to you. Without these cookies, you will see less targeted ads, but our services will still function.
X
Cookies:
personalization_id, guest_id, twid
Purpose:
Track your interactions with the posts or ads we display on X to measure the performance of our marketing campaigns.
Privacy Policy:
https://help.x.com/en/rules-and-policies/x-cookies
Provider:
X
Domain:
mistral.ai
Meta
Cookies:
_fbp, fr, datr
Purpose:
Track your interactions with the posts or ads we display on Meta to measure the performance of our marketing campaigns
Privacy Policy:
https://www.facebook.com/privacy/policies/cookies?subpage=subpage-1.7
Provider:
Meta
Domain:
mistral.ai
3. Cookie management
Upon your initial visit on our website or our services, a banner will prompt you to accept or disallow cookies that are not strictly necessary for the website's operation, categorized by type of cookie.
Within this banner, you will find a list of cookies that may be placed on your device. You have several options to control and manage cookies through this banner. Blocking cookies may affect your experience and limit access to certain parts of our website or services.
You can change your cookie settings at any time by clicking on “Privacy Choices” in the footer of our website.
You can also change your cookies preferences directly on your browser. The configuration for each browser is different. For guidance, here are some examples of configuration pages for different browsers:
For Chrome: https://support.google.com/chrome/answer/95647?hl=en&hlrm=en
For Internet Explorer: https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/help/17442/windows-internet-explorer-delete-manage-cookies
For Safari: https://support.apple.com/en-ph/guide/safari/sfri11471/mac
For Mozilla Firefox: https://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/enable-and-disable-cookies-website-preferences
For Opera: https://blogs.opera.com/news/2015/08/how-to-manage-cookies-in-opera/
In any case, you will find more information on behavioural advertising and privacy protection on the Internet on this website: http://www.youronlinechoices.com/fr/ .